{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green0\blue0;\red153\green204\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red153\green51\blue0;\red0\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red230\green230\blue230;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}{\s4 heading 4;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\lang2057\ul\b\f0\fs24\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1 1) Introduction\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
WinAudit is a free software utility that collects information about Windows\'ae based personal computers. The programme is a single file that requires no installation. WinAudit is designed to produce a comprehensive audit with virtually no effort in a few seconds. You can save the output in web page, rich text and comma separated formats. Exporting to popular database is supported. WinAudit can be run at the command line allowing you to automate your data gathering.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ul\b\fs24 2) What's New\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\b0\fs20\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\fs18 Version 3.2.1\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\par
Update TBC: Updated French (Belgian) translation (thanks Pierre le Lidgeu).\par
Change TBC: Show 64-bit OS install date in ISO format (thanks Trevor D.).\fs20\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\fs18 Version 3.2\par
\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Publish: Commit changes 3.1.1 to 3.1.10 to version 3.2\fs20\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\fs18 Version 3.1.10\par
\ulnone\par
Change: Ignore unused/uninstalled network cards (thanks tom_aeby).\par
\ul\par
Version 3.1.9\par
\ulnone\par
Added: Command line option to force any locale strings to be in English (/L=en).\par
\ul\par
Version 3.1.8\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Show missing IPv6 network ports (thanks chavv).\par
\ul\par
Version 3.1.7\par
\ulnone\par
Change:  Show local group members in DomainName\\AccountName style (thanks Josse Q.).\par
\par
\ul Version 3.1.6\par
\ulnone\par
Test build.\par
\ul\par
Version 3.1.5\par
\ulnone\par
Added: Improved detection of Office 365 and Click-To-Run installed Office 2013 (thanks hnuno and mattreade).\par
\par
\ul Version 3.1.4\par
\ulnone\par
Maintenance build.\par
\ul\par
Version 3.1.3\par
\ulnone\par
Added: Log when WMI class Win32_QuickFixEngineering reports incorrect dates.\par
\ul\par
Version 3.1.3\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Fixed incomplete listing of installed software (thanks skuami)\par
\ul\par
Version 3.1.2\par
\ulnone\par
Added: Extra log messages when enumerating user accounts.\par
\ul\par
Version 3.1.1\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Wrong version of DirectX reported (thanks wrathme)\par
Added: Include non-MSI installed 32-bit software on 64-bit operating systems. \ul\par
\par
Version 3.1\par
\par
\ulnone Publish: Commit changes 3.0.9 to 3.0.32 to version 3.1\par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.32\par
\ulnone\par
Change: Override default '.txt' extension in log file path (thanks aamjohns)\par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.31\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Spurious operating system edition descriptions (thanks aamjohns)\par
Bug Fix: Windows 10 Access Database connection issue (thanks Joao C. & Marius D.)\par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.30\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Double count of virtual volume storage (thanks Patrick R.)\par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.29\par
\ulnone\par
Test build\par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.28\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect processor package identifier (thanks Karol O.) \par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.27\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Updated list of operating system editions (thanks Neil N.) \par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.26\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Invalid Spanish database VIEW name (thanks Ismael G.) \par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.25\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Windows 10 incorrectly reported as Vista (thanks Aaron J.) \par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.23\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect Japanese (Shift-JIS) characters in comma separated output (thanks Josse Q.) \par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.22\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect GMT difference when daylight saving in effect (thanks Chris G.) \par
Re-work database export by using a locally stored GUID in WinAuditGuid.txt.\par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.21\par
\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Remove redundant string buffer overflow check on database export of Fully Qualified Domain Name (thanks Chris G.) \par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.20\par
\ulnone\par
Show a message if no Extended Display Identification Data is available. \par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.19\par
\ulnone\par
Added: Detect Windows 10.\par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.18\par
\ulnone\par
Added: Add file extension to path in Save File dialog box.\par
\ul\par
Version 3.0.17\par
\ulnone\par
Added: Separator declaration to csv output for Excel usability (thanks Denis D.)\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect operating system build number on Windows 8 (thanks Denis D.)\ul\par
\par
Version 3.0.16\par
\ulnone\par
Added: Save data in columnar comma separated output (csv2).\ul\par
\par
Version 3.0.15\par
\ulnone\par
Maintenance changes\ul\par
\par
Version 3.0.14\par
\ulnone\par
Maintenance changes\ul\par
\par
Version 3.0.13\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\par
Changed: Two computer indentifiers used for database export.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 3.0.12\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\par
Added: Detect "Delayed Start" services (thanks suggestion George N.)\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\par
Version 3.0.11\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Redundant rich text escape sequences (thanks Thomas L.)\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\par
Version 3.0.10\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Missing default strings when run from the command line  (thanks Thomas L.)\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 3.0.9\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect Local Group comma separated list  (thanks DeeZee)\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 3.0.8\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\par
Bug Fix: Missing Automatic Updates in SQL report  (thanks RedErik)\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 3.0\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\fs24\par
\fs18 Bug Fix: Monitor detection bug  (thanks Jiri S.)\fs24\par
\fs18 Bug Fix: Missing Windows product ID on some systems  (thanks Jiri S.)\par
Bug Fix: ISO8601 conformat timestamps for SQL Server (thanks Miroslav P.)\ul\par
\ulnone Added: IP Routing table (thanks James R. for suggestion).\par
Dropped: Support for Windows version prior to XP.\par
Dropped: Printing.\par
Dropped: Export data to Oracle\'99 database.\par
Dropped: Save report in chm, pdf and formatted text and xml formats.\par
Dropped: The lengthy tasks of finding files and listing system files.\par
Changed: Command line options.\par
Added: OLE DB Drivers.\par
Added: Timestamps in the command line (thanks Aaron J. for suggestion and testing).\par
Added: Support for PostgreSQL (thanks Lukasz Dargiewicz for suggestion and testing).\par
Bug Fix: Missing manufacturer name in data posted to database (thanks Aaron J.)\par
Bug Fix: Output file path truncation at full stop (thanks Ken C.).\par
Added: Additional security related policies and settings.\par
Added: Detect software installed by the current user.\par
Bug Fix: Missing data for executables in XML output of (thanks Satu K.).\par
Bug Fix: Invalid characters in XML output (thanks Satu K.).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.29\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Change: On XP and newer the Maximum Swap File is the system wide value.\par
Added: Display resolution in pixels.\par
Bug Fix: Missing processor information (thanks Perry M.).\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect processor counts (thanks Stuart).\par
Change: List physical rather than logical processors.\par
Bug Fix: Updated list of Windows Editions (thanks Trevor L.).\par
Bug Fix: Missing logon statistics in XML output (thanks Volker S.).\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect characters in hard drive serial number (thanks Stephen R.).\par
Bug Fix: Typo 'Communication' in the database table Display_Names (thanks Eric O.).\par
Bug Fix: Failure when creating SQL Server 2000 database (thanks Fabien M.).\par
Bug Fix: Missing error log data when run from command line (thanks Trevor D.).\par
Bug Fix: SQL Server database now created in auto-commit mode (thanks Greg H.).\par
Bug Fix: Missing SMBIOS information (thanks Christophe M.).\par
Bug Fix: Duplicated number of bits in operating system name (thanks Christophe M.).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.28\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Finnish translation of the user interface contributed by Rami Aalto.\par
Bug Fix: Missing printer information in XML output (thanks Joao G.).\par
Added: The Operating System's bit size.\par
Bug Fix: Incomplete image names for HTML pages(thanks Steven F.).\par
Bug Fix: Missing serial number on some systems (thanks Brian G. and Tom H.).\par
Bug Fix: Removed duplicate software titles (thanks David R.).\par
Added: Find non-Windows executables.\par
Added: The operating system's installation language.\par
Added: User logon statistics.\par
Added: Software metering.\par
Added: Open Database Connectivity drivers and source names.\par
Added: Tabular format for export of audit to a database.\par
Bug Fix: Hard drive information missing on some systems (thanks Ismael S.).\par
Added: Added account name and file path to the Services category.\par
Bug Fix: System Management BIOS missing on some systems (thanks Ismael S.).\par
Updated: French (Belgium) translation of the user interface by Pierre Bierwertz.\par
Change: Some network data items now require Windows 2000 with Service Pack 4.\par
Updated: Turkish translation of the user interface by Nejdet Acar.\par
Bug Fix: Mal-formed XML output of binary data (thanks Josh K.).\par
Added: Command line switch to specify the maximum event log entries to be reported.\par
Change: Horizontal page breaks for PDF, Preview and Printing.\par
Change: Report only unique messages from system error logs.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.27\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Traditional Chinese translation of the user interface contributed by Minson (Unicode only).\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect version of Spybot reported under certain conditions.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.26\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Danish translation of the user interface contributed by Rasmus Bertelsen.\par
Slovak translation of the user interface contributed by SlovakSoft (Peter).\par
Updated: Korean translation (sushizang).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.25\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Japanese translation of the user interface contributed by Nardog (Unicode only).\par
Bug Fix: Missing hard drive details (thanks Stephen R.).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.24\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Thai translation of the user interface contributed by Pongsathorn Sraouthai.\par
Added: Security permissions on shared folders and printers (NT4+)\par
Added: Identification of multiple displays.\par
Change: Restructured the category Installed Software.\par
Change: Removed the Last Access Time of a file in the category Find Files.\par
Checked: Windows\'ae Server 2008 Beta.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.23\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Korean translation of the user interface contributed by sushizang (Unicode only).\par
Added: When a file was last accessed in the category Find Files.\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect command line timeout of 1 minute (thanks James B.).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.22\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Updated: Russian translation of the user interface contributed by Valeri Kruvyalis.\par
Bug Fix: Programme crash in Installed Software step on Vista\'99 (thanks to many).\par
Bug Fix: Start-up failure with the message 'Failed to set a property' (thanks Clever M.).\par
Bug Fix: Document font style error (italic/bold).\par
Updated: Detection of product identifiers in Software Licenses section.\par
Change: Name changes consistent with the Common Information Model specification.\par
Updated: Specification updates and minor changes to System Management BIOS.\par
Change: Timeout on listing of updates via the Windows\'ae Update Agent.\par
Typo: Fixed error on PDF dialog (thanks Hug).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.21\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Portuguese (Brazilian) translation of the user interface contributed by Roman Dario Cuattrin.\par
Updated: Portuguese translation of the user interface contributed by Dick Spade.\par
Hebrew: Fixes for right-to-left word ordering.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.20\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Hebrew translation of the user interface contributed by Eli Ben David.\par
Greek translation of the user interface contributed by George Kaub.\par
Added: Bi-Directional user interface.\par
Bug Fix: Bad font name results in empty PDF pages, print preview failure and permanently hidden menu bar (thanks Timo A.).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.19\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone French (Belgium) translation of the user interface contributed by Pierre Bierwertz.\par
Re-instate: Hard disk details in non-administrator mode on Windows\'ae NT4, 2000 & XP.\par
Added: ANSI version runs in the pre-installation environment.\par
Bug Fix: Display capabilities missing when Extended Display Identification Data is unavailable.\par
Change: Report domain membership in preference to authenticating domain (Windows\'ae 95, 98 & Me).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.18\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Polish translation of the user interface contributed by Marek Kordiak.\par
Rollback: Incorrect build procedure causing crashes and aborts (thanks Jac H./Earnie D.).\par
Bug Fix: Potentially invalid XML document if unable to obtain Update Agent data.\par
Added: Export data to Microsoft\'ae Access 2007 and Firebird\'ae 2.0 databases.\par
Added: Report the computer's dynamic site name.\par
Bug Fix: Missing network information on certain systems.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.17\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Bug Fix: Incorrect hard drive information (thanks I. Stern!).\par
Database: Export at command line via a DSN-Less connection.\par
Added: Display adapter/graphics card information.\par
Added: Printer driver details.\par
Added: Environment variables.\par
Added: Selected Regional Settings.\par
Bug Fix: Command line ODBC error (introduced in v2.16).\par
Bug Fix: Missing data when there are many items (introduced in v2.16).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.16\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indonesian translation of the user interface contributed by Teguh Ramanal.\par
Vista\'99: Implement/fix software usage, system restore and WMI authorisation.\par
Added: Database export via machine independent data sources (File DSN).\par
Added: Support for Remote Desktop/Terminal Services environment.\par
Added: Support for the pre-installation environment (Unicode version).\par
Accessibility: Visually impaired colour scheme behaviour.\par
Added: Popular anti-spyware software to the Security category.\par
Added: Display identification to the Display Characteristics category.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.15\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Serbian(Latin) translation of the user interface contributed by Pera Konc.\par
Vista\'99 ready (provisional). This operating system is being developed.\par
Detect Internet Explorer\'ae 7 and Windows\'ae Mail.\par
Support for Task Scheduler 2.0 .\par
Windows Update Agent information added to Installed Software.\par
Save output in compiled html (chm) format.\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect line colour in normal contrast mode.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.14\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Save output using Media Access Control (MAC) Address.\par
User interface improvements.\par
Change: Html output in command line mode is now saved as frames.\par
Update: Turkish translation.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.13\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Turkish translation of the user interface contributed by Nejdet Acar.\par
French translation of the user interface contributed by Fabrice Cherrier and Pages Ludovic.\par
Bug Fix: Replaced Non-ASCII characters in URI attribute of FRAME tag in html document.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.12\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Hungarian translation of the user interface contributed by Viktor Varga.\par
User interface visual and presentational style changes.\par
HTML copy, bitmap compression and PNG format for images.\par
Scaleable fonts for PDF document.\par
Set translation language on command line.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.11\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Dutch translation of the user interface contributed by Ivan Laponder.\par
Additional system wide and user account password information.\par
Save report in XML format with associated xml-to-html style sheet.\par
Disk and memory usage image filenames use the computer's name as a prefix.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.10\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Russian translation of the user interface contributed by Valeri Kruvyalis.\par
Improved handling of non-Latin characters.\par
Added a facility to save diagnostic disk and storage information.\par
Bug Fix: Incorrect and/or duplicate disk information on certain multi-disk systems.\par
New Features in Version 2.09\par
German translation of the user interface contributed by Michael Klein-Reesink.\par
New Features in Version 2.08.2\par
Bug Fix: Missing network shares on some operating systems.\par
Added site name to the System Overview section.\par
Added discovery of 'Media Edition' for Windows\'ae XP.\par
Added computer description to the System Overview section.\par
System restore points displayed in descending sequence of creation.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.08\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Portuguese translation of the user interface contributed by Dick Spade.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.07\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Czech translation of the user interface contributed by Karel Michal.\par
Changes: A few data item names have been modified.\par
Bug Fix: Missing uptime statistics in CSV output.\par
Bug Fix: Missing user accounts on some operating systems.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.06.x\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Minor updates and bug fixes:\par
- Security: added programmes permitted to execute data.\par
- Security: added dates of system restore points.\par
- PDF: added bookmarks to document.\par
- Database: improved concurrency.\par
- Bugs: fixes for PDF permissions and processor numbering.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.06\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Italian translation of the user interface contributed by Roberto Tresin.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.05\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Added a facility to log audit messages and activity.\par
Added a facility for user friendly message in command line mode.\par
Fixed wide/international character bugs.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.04\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Added processor APIC physical identification, logical count and number of cores.\par
Added detection of Windows\'ae 2003 Server R2.\par
Added a facility to save raw processor data (CPUID) to a text file.\par
Corrected a System Management BIOS bug. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.03\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Export report to Microsoft\'ae SQL Server 2005 database.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.02\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Added command line timeout option.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.01\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Spanish translation of the user interface contributed by Juan Miguel Mart\'ed.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 2.0\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone This version of WinAudit is a significant improvement upon earlier releases. The programme reports on virtually every important aspect of computer inventory, configuration and operation. WinAudit displays results in web-page format, categorised for ease of viewing and text searching. Whether your interest is in software compliance, technical support, security or just plain curiosity, WinAudit has it all. The programme now has advanced features such as service tag detection, hard-drive failure diagnosis, network port to process mapping, network connection speed, system availability statistics as well as Windows\'ae update and firewall settings. WinAudit is able to export audits to enterprise level databases such as Oracle\'ae, SQL Server\'ae and Firebird\'ae. The programme auto-detects transaction capabilities to optimise record insertion and can be used in bulk insertion mode where concurrency and network traffic issues are important. Server side time stamping and logon authentication ensures that you have an audit trail of every audit posted to the database.\par
- Software licenses, usage and Windows\'ae Installer data.\par
- Operating system details.\par
- Security settings, audit logs, open ports and updates.\par
- Groups and user accounts.\par
- Windows\'ae networking details.\par
- Hardware devices and their state.\par
- System Management BIOS information.\par
- Extensive processor information.\par
- Physical disk detection.\par
- Information on services.\par
- List of loaded modules.\par
- File searching.\par
- Save report in portable document format.\par
- Enhanced printing and document previewing.\par
- Database export to Oracle\'ae and SQLite.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 1.3\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Added e-mail support.\par
Added BIOS information.\par
Additional drive information.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 1.2.4\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Minor change to command line support.\par
Minor changes to help documentation.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 1.2.3\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Included export of audit report to dBase\'99 and Firebird\'ae databases.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 1.2.2\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone WinAudit issued under Freeware license.\par
Executable Compression by UPX.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 1.2.1\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Minor ODBC bug fix on Windows\'ae 98.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 1.2\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Added ODBC database support.\par
Added XML support.\par
Added command line support.\par
Improvements to user interface.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 1.1\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Overall improvements in performance.\par
Minor bug fixes.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version 1.0\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Initial release.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ul\b\fs24 3) Install/Remove WinAudit\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\b 3.1) System Requirements\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0 WinAudit runs on the Windows\'ae operating system and requires XP or newer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\b 3.2) Installing WinAudit\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0 WinAudit is 'ready to run'. It has been designed so that you do not need to go through a setup procedure. The programme neither installs files onto the computer nor modifies the system registry. WinAudit is a well-behaved auditing programme in the sense that it attempts not to alter the computer it is examining.\par
\cf1 Tip: \cf0 to create a shortcut on your computer's desktop select: \b File + Desktop Shortcut\b0\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\b 3.3) Removing WinAudit\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0 Because WinAudit did not install any files onto the computer, there is no un-install procedure. Delete the programme file WinAudit.exe and possibly WinAudit.ini that may have been created. If you created a desktop shortcut, you should delete that as well.\par
\par
\f1\fs24\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\f0\fs18\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ul\b\fs24 4) Frequently Asked Questions\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q1: How Much Does WinAudit Cost?\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone WinAudit is freeware, which means that it comes at no cost whatsoever. You may make as many verbatim copies of the programme as you desire and distribute them to anyone. Under no circumstances are you allowed to charge for the software itself. Parmavex Services retains the right to change its licensing policy for future releases of the programme.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q2: Can I Send You a Message?\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Send a message to winaudit_at_parmavex_dot_co_dot_uk. Be sure to include \b WinAudit\b0  in the subject otherwise it will be automatically deleted. We receive a lot of e-mail concerning WinAudit, so we tend to prioritise messages. Reported bugs and programme misbehaviours will receive our highest attention. Requests for feature additions or clarification of the report will generally get a prompt reply.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q3: I Did Not Receive a Reply to My E-mail\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone To get a prompt reply be sure to send your message to winaudit_at_parmavex _dot_co_dot_uk and include \b WinAudit\b0  in the subject. If you did that, re-send your message as it may have been inadvertently deleted along with the daily dose of spam.\par
Parmavex Services automatically rejects email with suspect content or originating from mail servers known to send unsolicited e-mail. In general, neither you nor us will receive notification that this has happened. Some Internet providers, in an effort to reduce spam, are using 'white lists', that is they will only accept e-mail from people who have manually registered themselves on their list. Consequently, your Internet provider may block our reply to you.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q4: When Is The Next Update Due?\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone We do not have a schedule of regular updates. Improvements are made on an ad-hoc basis depending on the time available and requests from users. In general, if a bug is found this is corrected as quickly as possible. We do not keep mailing lists or send e-mail alerts. If you are interested in programme updates you should check our website.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q5: Can I Audit a Remote Computer?\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone No, for security and performance reasons WinAudit has been specifically designed not to audit a remote/networked computer. The programme's small size, no setup and Freeware license means that you can readily copy it to a networked computer. The programme can be executed in batch or user mode and reports obtained by means of a network save, database export or e-mail. Alternatively, run the programme in the remote desktop environment.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q6: Why Does WinAudit Show IP Address 0.0.0.0?\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Most probably, you are connected to the Internet via a dial up connection. Developing a robust method for determining the IP address while using a modem is problematic. Also, for computers configured to obtain a dynamic address from a DHCP server, this value may be 0.0.0.0 and the item DHCP IP Address will show the leased address in use.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q7: Hey, That's Not Correct!\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone WinAudit reports information as found on your computer. If the original data is incorrect or missing, the report will simply reflect that. Some types of information, such as System Management, are known to be error prone. Further, if the operating system does not support certain functionality or forbids it, the programme cannot report it. If you are in doubt about something in the audit report send it to your IT support person for an opinion. If you think you have discovered a bug in the programme you can send us a message to winaudit_at_parmavex_dot_co_dot_uk.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q8: A Software Product ID Is Not Shown\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Guidelines exist for where software vendors should store their product information. Most vendors follow these but it is not a requirement. WinAudit looks in these recommended places and other specific locations used by popular software. If, for some reason, the software vendor has not followed the guidelines, changed their habitual storage location or simply chosen to store the information in some proprietary manner WinAudit will not be able report on it.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Q9: Does WinAudit Show Installation Keys?\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone No. WinAudit shows Product IDs, these are not installation keys. Typically, the product ID is presented to you during installation of the software. It is often found on the 'Help + About' box and is used to register the software. Installation keys are those that are found on original packaging, software certificates or license agreements. WinAudit does not attempt to recover lost installation keys.\par
\par
\ul Q10: Can WinAudit Search for Files?\par
\ulnone No. That feature has been removed as it usually results in very lengthy run times.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ul\b\fs24 5) Auditing Your Computer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
Start Windows\'ae Explorer and go to the folder where you saved WinAudit.exe, double-click on the programme to start it. Normally, the programme will automatically begin collecting data. If not, click the \b Audit\b0  button on the toolbar.\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone WinAudit can generate copious amounts of information that is of interest only to the specialist user. To tailor the audit report's content, on menu select \b View + Audit Options\b0  and check the boxes that interest you. Next, click \b Apply\b0  to start auditing your computer.\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\par
\ul System Overview\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The computer's identification, asset/service tags and an overview of its resources.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Installed Software\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Itemised list of installed software, licenses, usage etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Operating System\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Name, registration and version details.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Peripherals\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Lists standard peripherals as well as network printers for which connection information is stored locally. WinAudit does not interrogate remote/networked peripherals.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Security\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Entries from the security log, open ports, important security settings as well as software and updates.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Groups and Users\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Groups and user accounts. Includes details on policies, password ages etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Scheduled Tasks\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Lists the programmes set to run at scheduled intervals.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Uptime Statistics\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Statistics based on system availability, start-ups and shutdowns.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Error Logs\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Errors posted by the operating system, services and applications to system log files. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Environment Variables\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The environment variables used for running process.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Regional Settings\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Date, time and currency settings used by the current user.\par
\tab\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Windows Network\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Details of connected sessions, files in use and shared resources.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Network TCP/IP\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Shows adapter names, IP addresses and other network related parameters.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Hardware Devices\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A list of devices in and attached to the computer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Display Capabilities\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A summary of the displays characteristics and supported features.\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\par
Display Adapters\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A list of the computer's display adapters, also known as graphics cards.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Installed Printers\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Locally installed printers, network printers are ignored by design.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul BIOS Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone System and video identification and dates.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul System Management\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Extensive information ranging from chassis to system slots to memory devices.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Processors\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Name, speed, instructions, cache etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Memory\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone RAM and swap file usage.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Physical Disks\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Disk detection showing capacity, manufacturer, serial number etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Drives\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Details of usage and geometry. Network drives are ignored by design.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Communication Ports\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Parallel and serial ports for peripherals.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Startup Programs\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Itemised list of automatically started programmes .\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Services\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Itemized list of installed services\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Running Programs\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone List of programmes currently in use with a brief description and memory usage.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul ODBC Information\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The Open Database Connectivity drivers and data source names found on the computer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul OLE DB Drivers\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The OLE DB drivers installed on the computer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Software Metering\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Shows a list of programs that have been used and how often.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul User Logon Statistics\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Shows summary statistics of the users that have logged on to the computer.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\ul\b\fs24 6) Audit Report\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 6.1) System Overview\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
This category gives an overall summary of the computer's identification and resources.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Computer Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name that identifies the computer on a network. Names are usually in upper case and unique on a given network.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Domain Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The domain or workgroup, if any, to which the computer belongs. A domain is a set of computers that has access to a centralised database of user account and other information.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Site Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The site or location of the computer. This is Active Directory\'ae functionality and requires. By design, only the local computer is interrogated for this information. If a dynamic site name can be discovered it will be reported in preference to a static name.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Roles\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The services or functions that the computer fulfils such as Workstation, Server, Primary Domain Controller etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An administrative description or comment about the computer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Operating System\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Combined description of the operating system using its name and edition or release.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The system or chassis manufacturer as recorded in the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Model\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The model of the computer. This is the \ldblquote Product Name\rdblquote  designated by the manufacturer in the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The system or chassis serial number as recorded in the BIOS. Sometimes referred to as the service tag.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Asset Tag\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The asset tag number as recorded in the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s3\ul Number of Processors\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of physical processor packages detected.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Processor\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Combined description using its name and speed. The name is obtained from the processor itself or is resolved from its signature and physical characteristics. Speed in is MHz and is either estimated over a number of processor cycles or taken from the registry. On multi-processor systems, only data for the first one is shown.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Total Memory\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Amount of installed random access memory in MB. WinAudit adopts the most widely used convention that 1MB = 1024*1024 bytes = 1,048,576 bytes.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Total Hard Drive\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Sum of the capacities of all local hard drives, commonly expressed in GB.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Display\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the display such as its size.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul BIOS Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the system BIOS as reported in the system registry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul User Account\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the user logged onto the system.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul System Uptime\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The length of time since the system was turned on (booted). \par
\par
Local Time\par
The date and time in YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS format of the computer's local time.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 6.2) \ul Installed Software\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone\b0\par
This section shows the software installed on the computer. Installation usually involves some form of setup procedure. It may have occurred manually or automatically and may have used a generic installation programme or the one provided by the Windows\'ae operating system. Because different software publishers adopt different procedures when installing software, WinAudit searches in several places to discover the information. Software that has simply been copied onto a machine (e.g. WinAudit) has not been installed, so it will not appear in the list. Necessarily, software that masks its presence will not be found.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\b Active Setup Software\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
This section shows Active Setup software components. Active Setup is a method of downloading software to keep applications up-to-date. This normally happens when a user visits a software vendor's website. The components themselves often form part of a larger software application.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the software component.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the software component.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Installed\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the software is installed. Normally this item is 'Yes' or 'No'. However, if the software component has not registered its installation status this data item will be blank.\par
\par
\b Installed Programs\par
\b0\par
This section shows software installed on to the computer using a setup programme. The amount of and how this information is stored during setup is at the publisher's discretion. In general, most publishers do not record the install date or version in a standard way. Where possible software usage data is also shown.\par
\par
Software usage data presented in this is read from the operating system's so-called Add/Remove Programs cache. This data is of low quality hence it should be used with caution.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the software typically as recorded in the system registry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Vendor\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The publisher or manufacturer of the software.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the software, if any, This information is supplied at the discretion of the software vendor. Only a minority choose to record this in a standard machine-readable format.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Product Language\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The language of the software, expressed in English e.g. Greek.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Install Date\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The date on which the software was installed. Note, the recommended guidelines for installing software do not make provision for recording this date. If present, it usually takes a YYYYMMDD form, i.e. a four digit year followed by a two digit month then a two digit day. For example, 20050630 would be June 30, 2005. Other formats are not uncommon.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Install Location\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The location of the installed software.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Install Source\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The location from where the software was installed.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Install State\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The state of the software e.g. Installed or Absent. Requires that the software was installed using Windows\'ae Installer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Assignment Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The visibility of the software on the computer, either Per Machine or Per User. In the former case this means that the software is installed or advertised for use by all user accounts on the machine. Requires that the software was installed using Windows\'ae Installer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Package Code\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The identifier of the package from which the software was installed. Requires that the software was installed using Windows\'ae Installer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Package Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the package from which the software was installed. Requires that the software was installed using Windows\'ae Installer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Local Package\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Where the package is stored locally, from which the software was installed. Requires that the software was installed using Windows\'ae Installer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Product ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The product identifier of the installed software. WinAudit shows product identifiers, not installation keys.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Registered Company\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The company registered to use the software. Requires that the software was installed using Windows\'ae Installer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Registered Owner\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The owner registered to use the software. Requires that the software was installed using Windows\'ae Installer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Times Used\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of times the software has been used during the last 30 days. WinAudit reports the data as presented by the operating system and it may not reflect actual software usage. On Windows\'ae Vista\'99 this data is at the user level.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Last Used\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The date on which the software was last used formatted according to the user' settings. WinAudit reports the data as presented by the operating system and it may not reflect actual software usage. On Windows\'ae Vista\'99 this data is at the user level.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Executable Path\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The location of the executable file used for determining how often the software is being used as described above.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Executable Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The file's version number. This data, if present, was embedded in the file when it was created by its vendor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Executable Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the functionality the file provides. This data, if present, was embedded in the file when it was created by its vendor. Requires Windows\'ae 2000 or newer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Software ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The identifier for the software, typically the name of a registry key.\par
\par
\b Software Updates\par
\b0\par
This section shows the updates installed on the computer. Other installation event types, such as failures, are ignored. Both operating system and software application updates are presented here. Note, the operating system can be reported as an update if it has been itself upgraded, e.g. Windows\'ae 98 to Window\'ae XP.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Update ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The identifier of the update, not necessarily unique. Typically a Knowledge Base (KB) number but can be in any format.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Installed On\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The date the update was installed. If possible dates are presented in ISO format (YYYYMMDD).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the update as specified by the publisher.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 6.3) Operating System\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
Administrative and compliance details concerning the operating system.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the operating system. e.g. 2008.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Edition\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The edition, also known as the release, specifies the variation of the operating system. For example, Home Edition, Professional Edition or Enterprise Edition. Note, there many editions and WinAudit has not been, nor is ever likely to be validated on all possible name-edition combinations of the Microsoft\'ae Windows\'ae operating systems.\par
A computer that has had the Small Business Edition of the operating system installed will continue to identify itself as such, even if it has been upgraded to another edition such as Standard or Enterprise.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Install Date\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The operating system installation date formatted according to the user's settings.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Registered Owner\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The person to whom the operating system is registered as recorded in the system registry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Registered Organization\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The organization to which the operating system is registered as recorded in the system registry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Product ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The Product ID of the operating system. Note, the product ID is not the same as the installation key.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Major Version Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The major version of the operating system.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Minor Version Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The minor version of the operating system.\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\par
Build Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the version of the operating system as it is being developed, e.g. 2600.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Service Pack\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Description of the service pack or Corrective Service Diskette (CSD) installed on the computer, e.g. \lang1033 Service Pack 3.\lang2057\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Service Pack Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the service pack expressed as a 'major.minor' string, e.g. 3.0 .\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Plus! Version Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The Plus! version number as recorded in the system registry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul DirectX\'ae Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of DirectX\'ae installed on the computer. This application is comprised of several components such as DirectDraw\'ae and DirectSound\'ae. The version number shown refers to the overall DirectX installation. Individual component versions may be shown in the Active Setup and Windows Installer sections. In some cases, a system library file version may be shown.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Windows Directory\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The directory that contains the operating system's applications, help files and other information.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul System Directory\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The directory containing the files required by the operating system, hardware and software applications.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Temporary Directory\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The current user\rquote s directory used for temporary storage of files and data.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Operating System Language\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The installation language of the operating system.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Number of Bits\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The bit size of operating system, e.g. 32 or 64.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 6.4) Peripherals\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
This section lists the common types of peripherals attached to or installed on the computer.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name or type of peripheral. WinAudit reports the following common ones: mouse, keyboard, display, local and remote printers, mapped drives and if a network is installed.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description appropriate to the peripheral in question. For example, if a mouse is installed the number of buttons is shown as well as if those buttons are reversed. By design, WinAudit does not directly interrogate networked resources such as printers and mapped drives. Instead, it reports locally stored information concerning previous connections made to networked resources. This is a performance consideration, if the network is down or if a resource no longer exists then the programme would have to wait for a network time out (typically 30 seconds per resource).\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b 6.5) Security\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
This section shows details relevant to the secure operation of the computer. WinAudit discovers various types of data and groups these according to functionality. Computer security is a large area and the content of the report emphasises those that are of key interest. Not all information is available on all versions of Windows\'ae and in a few cases, administrator level privileges are required to report certain items detailed below.\par
 \par
\b Kerberos Policy\par
\b0 The currently defined Kerberos policy. Administrator privileges are required to view this information.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Enforce user logon restrictions\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Validate every request for a session ticket against the user rights policy of the user account. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Maximum lifetime for service ticket\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum time that a granted session ticket can be used to access a particular service.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Maximum lifetime for user ticket\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum time that a user's ticket-granting ticket (TGT) may be used.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Maximum lifetime for user ticket renewal\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The time during which a user's ticket-granting ticket (TGT) may be renewed.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Maximum tolerance for computer clock synchronization\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum time difference that Kerberos tolerates between the time on the client clock and the time on the domain controller that provides Kerberos authentication.\par
 \par
\b Kerberos Tickets\par
\b0\par
The list of Kerberos tickets currently in use by the logged on user. Administrator privileges are required to view this information.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s3\ul Server Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the server the ticket applies to.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Realm Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the realm the ticket applies to.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Start Time\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The time at which the ticket becomes valid. This data point is optional and is formatted to UTC in the user's locale.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul End Time\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The time when the ticket expires formatted to UTC in the user's locale.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Renew Time\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone If shown it is the time beyond which the ticket cannot be renewed. Formatted to UTC in the user's locale.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Encryption Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Description or a defined constant of the encryption used in the ticket.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Ticket Flags\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The properties of the ticket. This may be a combination of any or none of Forwardable, Forwarded, HW authent, Initial, Invalid, May postdate, OK as delegate, Postdated, Pre authent, Proxiable,Proxy and Renewable. \par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\b Network Time Protocol\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
The current settings for Network Time Protocol.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the setting.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Setting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Value as taken directly from the system registry at HKLM\\SYSTEM\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\W32Time\\Parameters.\par
\b\par
Printer Permissions\par
\b0\par
This section shows the security on the installed printers. For each printer is displayed is a list of trustees. For each trustee is displayed a list of permissions. The same trustee may occur multiple times. The trustees, hence the permissions, are reported in the same order that the operating system uses when its determines a trustee\rquote s access.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the printer to which the permission applies.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Object Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The Windows\'ae operating system maintains many types of objects on which permissions can be applied. In this context, the securable object is 'Printer'.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Trustee\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The account on which permissions have been set. This is usually a group name but can be specia lname such as CREATOR OWNER. In some instances, for example if the trustee account has been deleted a string representation will be reported. This begins with S and is followed by a sequence of digits and hyphens such as S-1-2-32-544. This particular string is the default Administrators group (BUILTIN\\ADMINISTRATORS)that was created when Windows was installed. For objects with no security the term 'No Trustee' will be shown.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul ACE Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone ACE is an abbreviation of Access Control Entry, i.e. a set of permission for a given trustee. The type reported is usually Allow or Deny.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Permissions\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A list of permissions that apply to the Trustee. For example, if the trustee is Guests, the ACE type is Allow and this list contains Print then Guests would be able to print. Typically the permissions are shown as common English Language words however, upper case strings may be reported. Their interpretation is Object Type dependent.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul ACE Flags\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A list that enumerated the behaviour of this permission set. The interpretation of this list is Object Type dependent but typically it describes how the permissions relate its parent and/or children.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Access Mask\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A binary representation of the permissions that have been set on the trustee. This is 32 characters long with the least significant bit to the right. A one (1) indicates a permission is set. The exact meaning of each permissions Object Type dependent. This is the raw data from which the Permissions list is created.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Owner\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The owner of the printer. This is at the securable object level, in other words it is the same for all trustees.\par
\par
\b Registry Security Values\par
\b0\par
A list of security related values read directly from the registry. The values displayed are drawn from those typically reported by Microsoft's secedit.exe.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Subkey\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The trailing part of the registry subkey as shown in bold below, their full paths are:\par
HKLM\\Software\\Policies\\Microsoft\\Windows\\Safer\\CodeIdentifiers\\AuthenticodeEnabled\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Driver Signing\\Policy\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\Application\\RestrictGuestAccess\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\Security\\RestrictGuestAccess\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\System\\RestrictGuestAccess\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\Application\\Retention\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\Security\\Retention\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\System\\Retention\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\Application\\MaxSize\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\Security\\MaxSize\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Eventlog\\System\\MaxSize\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanManServer\\Parameters\\AutoDisconnect\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanManServer\\Parameters\\EnableForcedLogOff\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanManServer\\Parameters\\EnableSecuritySignature\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanManServer\\Parameters\\NullSessionPipes\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanManServer\\Parameters\\RequireSecuritySignature\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanManServer\\Parameters\\RestrictNullSessAccess\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanmanWorkstation\\Parameters\\EnablePlainTextPassword\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanmanWorkstation\\Parameters\\EnableSecuritySignature\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LanmanWorkstation\\Parameters\\RequireSecuritySignature\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\LDAP\\LDAPClientIntegrity\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\AuditBaseObjects\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\CrashOnAuditFail\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\DisableDomainCreds\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\EveryoneIncludesAnonymous\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\FIPSAlgorithmPolicy\\Enabled\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\ForceGuest\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\FullPrivilegeAuditing\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\LimitBlankPasswordUse\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\LmCompatibilityLevel\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\MSV1_0\\NTLMMinClientSec\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\MSV1_0\\NTLMMinServerSec\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\NoLMHash\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\RestrictAnonymous\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\RestrictAnonymousSAM\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Print\\Providers\\LanMan Print Services\\Servers\\AddPrinterDrivers\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Netlogon\\Parameters\\DisablePasswordChange\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Netlogon\\Parameters\\MaximumPasswordAge\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Netlogon\\Parameters\\RequireSignOrSeal\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Netlogon\\Parameters\\RequireStrongKey\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Netlogon\\Parameters\\SealSecureChannel\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\Netlogon\\Parameters\\SignSecureChannel\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Setup\\RecoveryConsole\\SecurityLevel\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Setup\\RecoveryConsole\\SetCommand\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Session Manager\\Kernel\\ObCaseInsensitive\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Session Manager\\Memory Management\\ClearPageFileAtShutdown\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Session Manager\\ProtectionMode\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Session Manager\\SubSystems\\optional\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\NTDS\\Parameters\\LDAPServerIntegrity\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\ConsentPromptBehaviorAdmin\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\ConsentPromptBehaviorUser\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\DisableCAD\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\DontDisplayLastUserName\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\EnableInstallerDetection\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\EnableLUA\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\EnableSecureUIAPaths\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\EnableUIADesktopToggle\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\EnableVirtualization\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\FilterAdministratorToken\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\LegalNoticeCaption\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\LegalNoticeText\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\PromptOnSecureDesktop\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\ScForceOption\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\ShutdownWithoutLogon\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\UndockWithoutLogon\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\ValidateAdminCodeSignatures\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Winlogon\\CachedLogonsCount\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Winlogon\\ForceUnlockLogon\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Winlogon\\PasswordExpiryWarning\par
HKLM\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Winlogon\\ScRemoveOption\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\SecurePipeServers\\Winreg\\AllowedExactPaths\\Machine\par
HKLM\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\SecurePipeServers\\Winreg\\AllowedPaths\\Machine\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Setting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The corresponding value found at the subkey, formatted as a string.\par
 \par
\b Security Log\par
\b0 The operating system can be configured to keep an audit log of security related operations. WinAudit examines this log and extracts those entries identified as audit failures. These entries generally arise when an operation is attempted and permission is denied. An example would be trying to read a file for which a user does not have sufficient privileges. The audit log can grow quite large, so only the twenty five (25) most recent unique entries are shown. Entries are reported in reverse chronological order with duplicates being ignored. Accessing the security log may require special privileges depending on the security policy in effect.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Time Generated\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The time at which the audit entry was posted to the security log.\par
Source Name\par
The name of the programme which generated the audit entry.\par
\par
Description\par
A textual, and sometimes cryptic, description of the information contained in the log. WinAudit will only attempt to resolve those parts of the description that reside on the local machine.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Security Settings\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone This section shows various configuration settings that are related to computer security.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Item\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of application, configuration, service or policy to which the information pertains. One of Accounts, Account Lockout Policy, AutoLogon, Automatic Updates, Audit Policy, Execute Data, Internet Explorer, Network Access, Network Security, Password Policy or Screen Saver.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the configuration item.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Setting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The value of the configuration item. The value reported necessarily depends on the type of data. For example if the type is AutoLogon then the value will be either Yes or No to signify that this feature is enabled or disabled respectively.\par
\i Accounts:\i0  Shows the status and names of the built-in 'Administrator' and 'Guest' accounts.\par
\i Account Lockout Policy:\i0  Shows the account lockout policy.\par
\i AutoLogon:\i0  If enabled, at computer startup the logon screen is not shown and the logon takes place automatically using a domain/username/password combination stored in plain text in the registry.\par
\i Automatic Updates:\i0  Shows if Windows\'ae is configured to perform scheduled downloads of updates. The periodicity of the schedule is shown. Requires at least Windows\'ae 2000 with Service Pack 3 or newer.\par
\i Audit Policy:\i0  Shows the audit policy for the event security log.\par
Execute Data: Shows the programmes that are allowed to execute data. Data execution prevention is a processor-based feature that monitors programmes. It is available on Windows\'ae XP with Service Pack 2 and Windows\'ae2003 with Service Pack 1. The programmes listed in this section have been given permission to by-pass this security check thereby giving them access to normally protected areas of memory.\par
\i Network Access:\i0  Shows if anonymous users can translate Security Identifiers to account names.\par
\i Network Security:\i0  Shows settings from the Security Options section of Local Computer Policy.\par
\i Password Policy:\i0  Shows the password policy.\par
\i Screen Saver:\i0  Applies to the logged on user. Shows if enabled, the timeout and if it is password protected. On newer versions of Windows\'ae local screen saver settings can be overridden by group wide policies.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s3\b System Restore\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul\b0\par
Sequence\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The order in which the restore point was created. The first one is the most recent, regardless of the time setting of the computer's clock.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Creation Time\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The time and date when the state of the system was saved. WinAudit attempts to display this date in yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss format. It is the time of the computer's clock.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of this particular restore point.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\b User Privileges\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
This section shows the privileges of the logged on user.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Privilege Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The programme attempts to translate the privileges as understood by the operating system into a human readable form. On some systems, no translation may be available therefore, WinAudit presents the privilege's raw name. It will start with 'Se' and by examining it, one can usually make an intelligent guess as to the type of privilege granted.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s3\b User Rights Assignment\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
The rights and privileges granted to accounts as specified in the User Rights Assignment section of the Local Computer Policy. Administrative level privileges are required to discover security related data.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Policy\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name or description of the right or privilege granted.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Security Setting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A comma separated list of grantees. If no name could be resolved, the Security Identifier will be displayed.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s3\b Windows\'ae Firewall\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of an aspect of the firewall. One of Firewall Enabled, Authorised Application, Authorised Service or Authorised Port.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Setting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of a setting appropriate to the item in question. For example, Firewall Enabled might be Yes or No.\par
\i Firewall Enabled:\i0  Shows the state of the firewall, either Yes, No or Unknown.\par
\i Authorised Application:\i0  The name of an application that has been authorised to connect to a remote computer through the firewall. An example is Outlook Express.\par
\i Authorised Service:\i0  The name of a service that has been authorised to listen and accept incoming connections through the firewall. An example is File and Printer Sharing.\par
\i Authorised Port:\i0  A port that is authorised to be opened and to allow data to flow through it. The format is protocol:port_number:remote_address where the protocol is either TCP or UDP. If the remote address is an asterisk then the port can connect to any host. An example is TCP:80:*.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.6) Groups and Users\par
\b0\par
This section enumerates the local groups, global groups and user accounts on the computer. By design, no attempt is made to discover account information held on remote computers. Administrator or Account Operator privileges are required to report on local groups. The distribution/mailing type groups as used by Active directory\'ae are not enumerated. \par
 \par
\b 6.6.1) Groups\par
\b0 The membership and permissions are shown for each local group. A local group is a set of users who have common permissions on the local computer. For security reasons, Administrator or Account Operator privileges are required to discover this information.\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\lang1033\ul Group Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Either a local or global group.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Group Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the group\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Comment\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Free formatted string typically entered by the system administrator.\par
\lang2057\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.6.2) Group Members\par
\lang1033\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Group Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the group.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Member Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The member name.\par
\lang2057\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.6.3) Group Policy\par
\b0\par
An enumeration of the policy privileges accorded to the group.\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\lang1033\ul\par
Group Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the group.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Privilege Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The privilege name granted to the group. \lang2057 This starts with 'Se' and by examining it, one can usually make an intelligent guess as to the type of privilege granted.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.6.4) Users\par
\b0\par
A listing of the user accounts held on the system. Depending on the version of the operating system and the security policy in effect, some account information is securable and may require administrator privileges to view.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul User Account\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The user's name for this account.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Full Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The full name of the user who uses the account.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description or comment of the user's account.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Account Status\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The status of the account such as enabled, disable or locked.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Local Groups\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A list of local groups to which this account belongs.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Global Groups\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A list of global groups to which this account belongs.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Last Logon\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The last time the user logged on. The date shown is formatted according to the date style in use. Information is obtained from the local machine only.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Last Logoff\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The last time the user logged off. The date shown is formatted according to the date style in use. Information is obtained from the local machine only.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Number of Logons\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of times the user has logged on. Information is obtained from the local machine only.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Bad Password Count\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of times the user attempted to logged on but failed due to a bad password. Information is obtained from the local machine only.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Password Age\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The age of the password, i.e. for how many days the user has been using the same logon password.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Password Expired\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates whether or not the user's password has expired, typically the user must supply a new one at next logon.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Account Expires\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The date on which the account is due to expire. If blank, then it never expires.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.7) Scheduled Tasks\par
\par
\b0 This section enumerates the automated tasks that are scheduled to run on the computer.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Task Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the task.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Status\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The current status of the task, such as ready, disabled, running etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Schedule\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Textual description of the periodicity at which the task is scheduled to run.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Next Run Time\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The next time that the task will run.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Run Command\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The command(s) to perform, typically a path to an executable file or short cut. Any parameters passed to the executing programme will also be shown. On Windows\'ae Vista this may also be an action such as 'Send e-mail'.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Maximum Run Time\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum time that the task is allowed to run.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Last Run Time\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The time at which the task last ran.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Last Result\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The result or exit code of the task when it last ran. Its interpretation is programme specific but often zero signifies success, assuming the task actually ran. Check the programme's documentation for the exact meaning of its exit codes to determine if the task ran successfully.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.8) Uptime Statistics\par
\b0\par
This section shows information concerning the computer's availability based on records in the system's event file. As such, the reported values are dependent upon the quantity and integrity of the data in this file. If the reported period is short, the statistics may not give an accurate measure of the system's availability. Purging the event file means that no statistics can be calculated.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Data Start\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The date of the earliest relevant entry in the event file. Reported values pertain subsequent to this date and are only valid for entries in strict chronological order.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul System Uptime\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The time elapsed since the computer was last started.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul System Availability\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A percentage measure of how often the computer has been powered up. Essentially, this is the total uptime divided by the time since the earliest relevant log entry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Total Uptime\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The total time that the computer was on.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Total Downtime\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The total time that the computer was off.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Times Booted\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A count of the number of times the computer has been turned on.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Clean Shutdowns\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A count of the number of times the computer was properly shutdown.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Unexpected Shutdowns\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A count of the number of times the computer was turned off abnormally, such as a power failure.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 __________________________________________________________________________\cf0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.9) Error Logs\par
\b0\par
This section shows those errors posted by programmes into the computer's log files. These errors often require manual attention to rectify. On an NT type computer there are Application, Security and System log files. There may also be additional logs, such as Directory Service. These files can grow quite large and frequently the same errors repeat at regular intervals. To this end, only the twenty five (25) most recent unique entries are shown. These entries are reported in reverse chronological order with duplicates being ignored. Purging these logs necessarily means that no errors can be reported. Accessing the security log may require special privileges depending on the security policy in effect.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Time Generated\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The time at which the audit entry was posted to the security log.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Source Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the programme which generated the audit entry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Log File\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the event log file from which this record was taken, e.g. Application.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A textual, and sometimes cryptic, description of the information contained in the log. WinAudit will only attempt to resolve those parts of the description that reside on the local machine.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.10) Environment Variables\par
\b0\par
This section shows the defined environment variables for the current process. These are the same ones that are listed by using Set at the command prompt. For example, if a computer has a NetBIOS type name then the variable COMPUTERNAME normally maps to it.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the environment variable, e.g. COMPUTERNAME.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Variable Value\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The value associated with the environment variable.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.11) Regional Settings\par
\b0\par
This section shows computer specific settings that are typically associated with a particular region or culture such as time zone or language. The Windows\'ae operating system has several such settings and an ad hoc list is presented. Omission of a particular setting does not negate its importance. Some data may be shown in the characters of the language for which it is intended. Choose a font that is appropriate to the language to view these characters.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Item\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of regional setting. One of locale, number, currency, date or time.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the setting. For example, Country or Measurement System. The Language item is the user configurable setting found in Control Panel. To see the operating system's installation language refer to the Operating System section.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Setting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The value of the setting. For example, Country may be United Kingdom or the Measurement System may be Metric. \par
\par
For GMT difference, the value shown is the number of minutes which when added to the time on the computer's clock, results in GMT. \par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.12) Windows\'ae Network\par
\b0\par
This section shows the information typically associated with Windows\'ae networking.\par
 \par
\b 6.12.1) Network Files\par
\b0\par
A list of files on the computer that are being accessed by remote users. Administrator or Account Operator privileges are required to view this information.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Path\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The full path to the file in use.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul User Account\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The user or possibly the computer that is using the file.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Locks\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of locks the user has on the file.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Permissions\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The permissions the user has on the file such as create, read and write.\par
 \par
\b 6.12.2) Network Sessions\par
\b0\par
A list of remote computers and users connected to the computer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Computer Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the remote computer that established the session.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul User Account\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the remote user that established the session.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Connected Time\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of minutes for which the connection has been made.\par
\par
Idle Time\par
The number of minutes for which the connection has been idle, i.e. no network activity.\par
 \par
\b 6.12.3) Network Shares\par
\b0 This section shows information about shared resources on the computer. For security reasons, to view the number of connections and the path, Administrator or Account Operator privileges are required.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Share Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the share. Share names that end with a dollar sign are for administrative purposes. Interprocess Process Communication shares are shown as IPC$.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Share Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of resource shared, such as a disk drive or a print queue.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Connections\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Number of connections to the share.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Share Path\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The local path to the shared resource.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Path\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The local path to the shared resource.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.13) Network TCP/IP\par
\b0\par
This section shows the Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) configuration of the computer. For completeness, WinAudit reports all configurations found. For example, the Network Driver Interface Specification (NDIS) allows network cards to support multiple network protocols. Some data items such as Adapter Type require Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) enabled.\par
 \par
\b 6.13.1) Network Adapters\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Adapter Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the adapter on systems with multiple adapters. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Adapter Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the adapter.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul DNS Host Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The host name as specified in the Domain Name System (DNS) configuration.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul DNS Servers\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A list of the IP addresses of those computers used to translate domain names to IP addresses.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul IP Address\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The IP address of the computer. This may also be 0.0.0.0 if the network adapter obtains an address from a DHCP server, in this case refer to the DHCP IP Address for the last leased value.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul IP Subnet\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The mask used to determine to which subnet an IP address belongs.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Default IP Gateway\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The IP address of the default gateway.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul DHCP Enabled\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates whether DHCP is enabled.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul DHCP Server\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The IP address of the DHCP server.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul DHCP IP Address\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The IP address assigned to the computer by the server.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul DHCP Lease Obtained\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The timestamp, formatted in the user's settings, of when the dynamic IP address was assigned.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul DHCP Lease Expires\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The timestamp, formatted in the user's settings, of when the dynamic IP address assigned by the server expires.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Status Code\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A numerical code indicating the status of the adapter, zero means OK. A readable description is also given. Requires the Windows Management Instrumentation service to be running.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Adapter Status\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A textual description of the status code above. Requires the Windows Management Instrumentation service to be running.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Adapter Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of network adapter, such as Ethernet 802.3. Requires the Windows Management Instrumentation service to be running.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul MAC Address\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The network adapter's Media access control address. Requires the Windows Management Instrumentation service to be running.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Connection Status\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A textual description of the state of the network connection, examples are Connected and Media disconnected. Requires the Windows Management Instrumentation service to be running.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Connection Speed\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The current speed setting of the network adapter in bits-per-second. The reported value is only meaningful if the adapter is in a connected state. Requires the Windows Management Instrumentation service to be running.\par
\par
\b 6.13.2) Open Ports\par
\b0\par
This section lists the network ports in use. With sufficient privileges, WinAudit maps open ports to their owning processes.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Port Protocol\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of port, either one of Transmission Control (TCP) or User Datagram (UDP) Protocol.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Local Address\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone These are normally 0.0.0.0, 127.0.0.1 and any the computer uses to identify itself on the network. Some administrators adopt the form 192.168.xxx.xxx .\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Local Port\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The local port number. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Caption\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Combined string of the Protocol, Local Address and Local Port, e.g. TCP 127.0.0.1:135\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Service Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of service the local port is being used for. Pertains to privileged ports only; this is optional information and it will be displayed if a suitable name can be obtained.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Remote Address\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The address to which, if any, a connection been made. Applicable to TCP ports only.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Remote Port\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The port number of a remote computer to which, if any, a connection been made. Applicable to TCP ports only.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Connection State\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The state of the connection. WinAudit reports many different connection states however, the ones of most interest are the LISTENING and ESTABLISHED. Applicable to TCP ports only.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Process Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The process that has opened the port. This is either the name or full path to the executable file of the process. Requires administrator privileges.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Process ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The numerical identifier of the process that opened the port. Requires administrator privileges.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Process Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The description, if any, of the process that opened the port. This is embedded in the executable file by its manufacturer. Requires administrator privileges.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Process Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The manufacturer's name, if any, of the executable file that opened the port. Requires administrator privileges.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.14) Hardware Devices\par
\b0\par
This section lists the devices installed on the computer. These are grouped by type and the list includes legacy/hidden devices. By design, WinAudit does not interrogate the devices on remote computers.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Device Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the type of device, such as keyboard and mouse. These descriptions are provided by the operating system.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Device Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the device as provided by its manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the device as provided by its manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The manufacturer of the device or possibly a 'standard device'.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Location\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Information about the location of the device e.g. PCI bus 0, device 19.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Provider\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the publisher of the software driver used to control the device.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the software driver used to control the device.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Date\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The publication date of the software driver used to control the device.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Status Code\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number indicating the status of the device. Sometimes called a problem number. Zero means that no problem was reported by the device driver.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Status Message\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A translation of the error code above, OK means that no problem was reported. The specific translation available depends on the version of Windows\'ae in use.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Class GUID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A globally unique identifier that specifies the type of device.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Device ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A system wide unique identifier for the device.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.15) Display Capabilities\par
\b0\par
This section shows data concerning the identification and supported features of displays attached to the computer. This data is specified by the manufacturer and is held in the system registry. Usually it is refreshed at boot time. Consequently, if the display is not turned on at boot time or if it is changed without a system re-boot, stale data may be presented. Errors and omissions may exist in the data. Requires a Plug and Play display supporting the Extended Display Identification Data specification (EDID) as published by Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Display Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of the display for which the data pertains, counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Display Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the display as specified by its manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the display's manufacturer or a 3-digit EISA code.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacture Date\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The week and year of manufacture, if known.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The serial number which identifies the display. This may be either a decimal number or a text string.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Product ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An identifier formed by concatenating the manufacturer's 3-digit EISA code and the ID Product Code expressed as 4-digit number. Example: ABC1234.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Display Size\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A textual description of the maximum viewable size of the display.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Display Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A textual description of the display. Includes if it is analogue or digital and possibly its colour mode.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Supported Features\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An enumeration of features supported by the display. Includes if standby, suspend and active-off power management modes are supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Display Resolution\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The resolution of the display in pixels, e.g. 1024 x 768.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.16) Display Adapters\par
\b0 This section shows details of display adapters or graphics cards in the computer.  There may be some duplication of this data with that in the Hardware Devices section. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Adapter Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the adapter on systems with more than one installed. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name or description of the adapter.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Adapter RAM\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The amount of video memory on the adapter, expressed in MB.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Colour Depth\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The configured number of colours, expressed in bits.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Vertical Resolution\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The configured vertical resolution, expressed in dots per inch (dpi), typically 96dpi.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Current Refresh Rate\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The configured vertical refresh rate, expressed in Hertz (Hz). Requires Windows\'ae NT or above.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Video Processor\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the chip set on the adapter.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Adapter DAC Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of digital to analogue converter.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Adapter ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The manufacturer's designated name or identifier for the adapter.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul BIOS\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone BIOS specific information about the adapter.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.17) Installed Printers\par
\b0\par
This section shows the configuration and settings of local printers installed on the computer. For performance reasons, WinAudit does not show information about network printers.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Printer Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the printer on systems with more than one printer installed. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Printer Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The printer's name.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Share Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name by which this printer is known if it is a shared resource.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Port Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The port to which the printer is assigned.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Location\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An optional description of where the printer is located (user settable).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Pages Per Minute\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of pages the printer is configured to print per minute.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Attributes\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Description of properties of the printer such as if it is queued, shared etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Printer Status\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The printer's current status such as Busy, Initializing, Paused, Printing etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Paper Size\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The current setting of paper size.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Orientation\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The current setting of paper orientation, i.e. portrait or landscape.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Print Quality\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the printer's quality setting usually, in Dots Per Inch (DPI).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the software used to control the printer, typically the same name as for the printer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver File\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The location of the software library file that is the driver.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to indicate the version of the driver, this information is embedded in the driver file by its manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The manufacturer or publisher of the driver software.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the driver, this information is embedded in the driver file by its manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Data File\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The location of the software file that contains data used by the driver.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver Configuration File\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The location of the software library file that contains configuration data used by the driver.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.18) BIOS Version\par
\b0 This section shows the system and video Basic Input/Output System (BIOS) version and dates. The BIOS is built-in software that, among other things, controls the system's hardware.\par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul BIOS Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the system BIOS as reported in the system registry. When the computer starts, the operating system identifies the BIOS then records it in the registry for informational purposes. More comprehensive BIOS information is available in the System Management section.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Release Date\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The publication date of the system BIOS as reported in the system registry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Video BIOS Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the video BIOS as reported in the system registry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Video BIOS Date\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The publication date of the video BIOS as reported in the system registry.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.19) System Management\par
\b0\par
This section shows the major types of information stored in the System Management BIOS, formerly referred to as the Desktop Management Interface. Note, WinAudit reports the information as stored by the manufacturer. This data often suffers from errors and omissions. As such, incorrect system information is neither indicative of a fault with WinAudit nor a problem with the computer.\par
 \par
\b 6.19.1) BIOS Details\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul SMBIOS Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version expressed as 'major.minor' of the System Management BIOS (SMBIOS) specification used to describe the formatting of the information. This is not the same as the BIOS version. When applicable \ldblquote 0\rdblquote  means no and \ldblquote 1\rdblquote  means yes. \par
\par
\ul BIOS Vendor\par
\ulnone The BIOS vendor's name.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul BIOS Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the BIOS, this may be in any format the vendor has chosen.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Start Address\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The memory address where the BIOS information starts.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Release Date\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Publication or release date of the BIOS usually in the form mm/dd/yy or mm/dd/yyyy.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul ROM Size\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Size of the ROM chip holding the BIOS, expressed in KB.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul BIOS Characteristics\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number indicating features that the BIOS supports.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Characteristics Ext. 1\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An optional number indicating the extended features that the BIOS supports.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Characteristics Ext. 2\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An optional number indicating the extended features that the BIOS supports.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul System BIOS Major\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The major version number of the System BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul System BIOS Minor\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The minor version number of the System BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Firmware Major\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The major version number of the firmware.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Firmware Minor\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The minor version number of the firmware.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul No Characteristics\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the BIOS contains information about the features and characteristics that it supports.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul ISA Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Industry Standard Architecture is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul MCA Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Micro Channel Architecture is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul EISA Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Extended Industry Standard Architecture is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul PCI Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Peripheral Component Interconnect is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul PCMCIA Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Personal Computer Memory Card International Association is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul PnP Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Plug and Play is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul APM Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Advanced Power Management is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul BIOS Upgradeable\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the BIOS can be upgraded/flashed.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul BIOS Shadowing\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the BIOS can be copied from the ROM into the RAM, usually for performance reasons.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul VL-VESA Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Video Electronics Standards Association is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul ESCD Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Extended System Configuration Data for plug and play is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul CD Boot\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the system can boot from a CD drive.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Selectable Boot\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if BIOS allows the boot drive to be selected.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul ROM Socketed\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if ROM chip is socketed.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul PCMCIA Boot\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the system can boot from a PC-Card.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul EDD Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the BIOS supports Enhanced Disk Drive technology.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Floppy NEC 1.2MB\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the NEC 9800 1.2MB floppy is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Floppy Toshiba 1.2MB\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the Toshiba 1.2MB floppy is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Floppy 360 KB\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the 360 KB floppy is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Floppy 1.2 MB\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the 1.2 MB floppy is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Floppy 720 KB\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the 720 KB floppy is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Floppy 2.88 MB\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the 2.88 MB floppy is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Print Screen\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the BIOS supports print screen functionality.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Keyboard 8042\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the 8042 Keyboard is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Services\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if serial services are supported buy the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Printer Services\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if print services are supported buy the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul CGA-Mono Video\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Color Graphics Adapter/Mono Video is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul NEC PC-98\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the NEC PC-98 series Japanese architecture is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul APCI Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Advanced Configuration and Power Interface is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul USB Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Universal Serial Bus is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul AGP Support\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Accelerated Graphics Port is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul I2O Boot\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Intelligent I/O is supported by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul LS-120 Boot\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the computer can boot from an LS-120 (SuperDisk\'99) disk.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul ATAPI ZIP Boot\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the computer can boot from a AT Attachment Packet Interface drive is supported.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Firewire Boot\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the computer can boot from a FireWire\'ae (IEEE 1394) device.\par
\par
Smart Battery\par
Indicates if the BIOS supports a smart battery, i.e. one that provides the computer with information about its power status.\par
 \par
\b 6.19.2) System Information\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the system's manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Product Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The product name as described by the manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the product.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A system serial number.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Universal Unique ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A 16 character long string to uniquely identify the system.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Wake-Up Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The manner in which the system was powered-up, normally power switch.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul SKU Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The Stock Keeping Unit number of the computer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Product Family\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The product family to which a computer belongs.\par
 \par
\b 6.19.3) Base Board\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Board Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the baseboard on systems with more than one baseboard. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The baseboard's manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Product\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The product name as described by the manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The product version of the base board.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The serial number of the base board.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Asset Tag\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A manufacturer specific asset tag to identify the base board.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Features\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Features of the baseboard such as if it is hot swappable, replaceable or removable.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Board Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of baseboard, normally motherboard.\par
 \par
\b 6.19.4) Chassis Information\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the chassis' manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Chassis Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of chassis such as laptop, desktop, mini-tower.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A manufacturer specific version for the chassis.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A manufacturer specific serial number to identify the chassis.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Asset Tag\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A manufacturer specific asset tag number to identify the chassis.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Boot Up State\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The state of the chassis when it was last booted such as safe, warning, critical, non-recoverable.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Power State\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The state of the power supply when it was last booted such as safe, warning, critical, non-recoverable.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Thermal State\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The state of the thermal supply when it was last booted such as safe, warning, critical, non-recoverable.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Security Status\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The state of the power supply when it was last booted such as locked out or enabled.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul OEM Defined\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Contains OEM- or BIOS vendor-specific information.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Height\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The height of the enclosure in inches.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Number Of Power Cords\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of power cords associated with the enclosure or chassis.\par
 \par
\b 6.19.5) Processor\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the processor on systems with more than one processor. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Socket Designation\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the processor's socket such as 'SLOT1'.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of processor, typically central processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Family\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The processor family such as Pentium\'ae, Pentium\'ae 4, AMD Athlon\'99 etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the processor's manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The processor's ID obtained from its EAX and EDX registers as a result of issuing a CPUID instruction.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Voltage\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Voltage used by the processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul External Clock\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The external clock frequency in MHz.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Maximum Speed\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum processor speed in MHz supported by the system.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Current Speed\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The current speed in MHz at which the processor is operating.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Status\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The status of the processor such as if the socket is populated and if the processor is enabled.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Upgrade\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Information concerning upgrading the processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The serial number of the processor as set by the manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Asset Tag\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The asset tag of the processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Part Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The part number of the processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Core Count\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of cores detected by the BIOS for this processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Core Enabled\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of cores that are enabled by the BIOS and available for use.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Thread Count\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The total number of threads detected by the BIOS for this processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Characteristics\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Any additional processor characteristics detected by the BIOS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Family 2\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Extended processor family information.\par
 \par
\b 6.19.6) Memory Controller\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Controller Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the memory controller on systems with more than one controller. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Error Detecting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The method used by the controller to detect for errors in data such as 8-bit parity or CRC.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Error Correcting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The capability to correct for data errors such as single bit error correcting or error scrubbing.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Supported Interleave\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The level of interleave supported by the controller, e.g. one way interleave.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Current Interleave\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The level of interleave currently in use by the controller.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Max. Memory Module\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum memory module the controller can support, expressed in MB.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Supported Memory Speeds\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The memory speeds supported by the memory controller, expressed in nanoseconds.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Supported Memory Types\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The types of memory supported by the controller such as Standard, EDO, DIMM etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Memory Module Voltage\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The voltages supported by the memory controller.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Number Memory Slots\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of memory slots controlled by the controller.\par
 \par
\b 6.19.7) Memory Module\b0\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Module Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the memory module on systems support multiple modules. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Socket Designation\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A designation for the socket into which the module is plug such as BANK_0.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Bank Connection\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A Row Address Strobe (RAS) connection in the memory bank (part of motherboard that contains slots for memory modules)\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Current Speed\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The speed of the memory module, expressed in nanoseconds.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Current Memory Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of memory such as such as Standard, EDO, DIMM etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Installed Size\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The size of the memory module, in MB, in the socket.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Enabled Size\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The amount of memory, in MB, that is enabled in the module.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Error Status\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Description of any errors posted by the memory module to the BIOS.\par
 \par
\b 6.19.8) Cache\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Cache Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the cache on systems with multiple processor caches. Counting starts at 1. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Socket Designation\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A designation for the cache, typically L1, L2 or L3.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Cache Configuration\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The cache's configuration such as support for write-back or is socketed.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Max. Cache Size\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum cache size that can be supported, expressed in KB.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Installed Cache\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The amount of cache in use, expressed in KB.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Supported SRAM Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of Static Random Access Memory supported, such as burst or synchronous.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Current SRAM Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of Static Random Access Memory currently in use, such as burst or synchronous.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Cache Speed\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The speed of the cache in nano-seconds.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Error Correction Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The error correcting method employed by the cache such as parity or single bit Error-Correcting Code.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul System Cache Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of cache, normally either data, instruction or unified.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Associativity\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The associative level of the cache, such as Direct Mapped, 4-Way, Fully etc.\par
\par
\b 6.19.9) Port Connector\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Port Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the port on systems with multiple ports. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Internal Designation\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An internal reference to the port such as COM1 etc.\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul\par
Internal Connection Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of connection such as 9 Pin Dual Inline and DB-25 pin female.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul External Designation\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An external designation for the port such as COM1 etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul External Connection Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The external connection type such as RJ-45 or DB-9 pin male.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Port Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of port such as USB, Parallel, Serial etc.\par
\par
\b 6.19.10) System Slot\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Slot Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the slot on systems with multiple slots. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Slot Designation\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A designation for the slot, commonly its such as ISA or PCI.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Slot Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of slot such as Industry Standard Architecture (ISA) or Peripheral Component Interconnect (PCI).\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Data Bus Width\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The data buss width, for example 32-bit.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Current Usage\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Whether or not the slot is in use.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Slot Length\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Either short or long.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Slot ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An ID for the slot such as MCA or EISA.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Slot Characteristics 1\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Description of the slot's characteristics such as voltage.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Slot Characteristics 2\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Extended description of the slot's characteristics such as if it supports the Power Management Enable signal.\par
\par
\b 6.19.11) Memory Array Information\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Array Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the memory array on systems with multiple arrays. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Location\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The location of the array, e.g. on motherboard.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Use Item\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Description of the memory array's function.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Error Correction\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The array's error correcting capability such as parity, CRC etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Maximum Capacity\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum capacity in KB for the array.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Error Handle\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An error code, 0xFFFF indicates that no errors have been detected.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Number of Devices\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of slots available to the memory array.\par
\par
\b 6.19.12) Memory Device\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Device Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the memory device on systems with multiple devices. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Error Handle\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to indicate an error status, 0xFFFE indicates no information and 0xFFFF no reported errors.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Total Width\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The total width in bits of the memory device. 0xFFFF = 65535 indicates the width is unknown.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Data Width\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The data width in bits of the memory device. 0xFFFF = 65535 indicates the width is unknown.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Device Size\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The size, typically in MB, of the device.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Form Factor\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The form factor of the device such as SIMM, DIMM, RIMM etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Device Set\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the device is part of a set of similar devices.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\tx4080\ul Device Locator\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Identifies the socket where the device is located such as A0.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Bank Locator\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Identifies the bank where the device is located such as Bank0/1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Memory Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of memory such as DRAM. VRAM, DDR etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Memory Type Detail\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Details about the type of memory such as Fast-Paged, Synchronous, RAMBUS etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Speed\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The speed of the memory device in MHz.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the manufacturer of the device.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The serial number of the device.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Asset Tag\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The asset tag of the device.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Part Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The part number of the device.\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.20) Processors\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the processor on systems with multiple processors. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name is obtained from the processor itself or is resolved from its signature and physical characteristics.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Short Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Not used, always empty.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Speed - Estimated\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The speed in MHz estimated over certain number of processor cycles.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Speed - Registry\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The speed in MHz as reported in the system registry. Zero if not present in the registry.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Processor Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of processor, one of: OEM Primary, Overdrive or Secondary.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the processor's manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The serial number, if present, as stored in the processor by its manufacturer. Serial numbers are present on Pentium\'ae III processors only.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul APIC Physical ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A comma separated list of the Advanced Programmable Interrupt Controller identification numbers of the logical processors in the physical processor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Features\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A list of comma separated features or instructions the processor supports.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Cache\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A comma separated list of the processor\rquote s cache levels and sizes.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul TLB\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A comma separated list of the processor\rquote s data and instruction Translation Lookaside Buffers.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Logical Processors\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of logical processors in the physical processor. Also known as package.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.21) Memory\par
\b0\par
This section shows amount of memory, both physical and swap, on the computer.\par
WinAudit adopts the convention that 1MB = 1024*1024 bytes = 1,048,576 bytes also known as 1 mebibyte.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Total Memory\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The total amount of physical memory (RAM) in MB. Also referred to as main memory.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Free Memory\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The amount of unused physical memory (RAM) in MB.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Maximum Swap File\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The maximum file size, expressed in MB, the operating system will allocate for swapping. Swapping is the process of moving data from physical memory to a file on a hard drive for temporary storage. This file is created by the operating system and allows it to handle quantities of data to large too for the physical memory. The swap file is also referred to as a page file.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Free Swap File\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The bytes available to the swap file expressed in MB.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.22) Physical Disks\par
\b0 This section shows the disks detected in the computer. For security reasons, as of Windows\'ae 2003, this detection requires administrator level privileges. Likewise, to report the result of a S.M.A.R.T. self-test, administrator privileges are required.\par
\par
\cf3 Bug Notice\cf0 ! WinAudit can detect disks while running under a restricted user account. However, on multi-disk systems, correct disk numbering requires administrator privileges. Because the majority of computers have only one hard disk and it is preferable to run programmes under a restricted user account, this non-administrative method of disk detection has some utility. If the disk numbering appears to be inconsistent, re-run the programme as administrator to correct for this bug.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Disk Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the disk on systems with multiple disks. Counting starts at 1 and corresponds to the disk's controller position. For example, #1 is Primary Master, #2 is Primary Slave, #3 is Secondary slave etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Capacity\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The capacity of the disk in MB, i.e. size in bytes divided by 1024 * 1024.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Disk Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of disk, options are fixed and removable.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Manufacturer\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the disk's manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Model\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The model of the disk as specified by the manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The serial number of the disk as specified by the manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Firmware Revision\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The firmware revision of the disk as specified by the manufacturer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Controller Rank\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The rank of the disk on the controller, e.g. primary, secondary etc.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Master/Slave\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if the disk is set as the master or slave on the controller.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Total Cylinders\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of cylinders, note WinAudit will not report numbers higher than 16383. The number is only of use for small disks and it presented for Cylinders, Heads, Sectors (CHS) completeness.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Total Heads\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of heads the disk has. The number is only of use for small disks and it presented for Cylinders, Heads, Sectors (CHS) completeness.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Sectors Per Track\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of sectors per track. Requires Windows\'ae NT. The number is only of use for small disks and it presented for Cylinders, Heads, Sectors (CHS) completeness.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Buffer Size\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The disk's cache size, if any, expressed in KB. A value of zero may be presented if the buffer's size could not be determined.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul SMART Supported\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if Self-Monitoring Analysis and Reporting Technology (S.M.A.R.T.) is supported by the disk.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul SMART Enabled\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Indicates if S.M.A.R.T. is enabled on the disk.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul SMART Self-Test\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The result of an auto-diagnostic disk test. The possible responses are OK, Failed and Unknown. Requires administrative privileges. Under some circumstances a SMART self-test may be obtainable without direct access to the SMART Supported and SMART Enabled data items listed above.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.23) Drives\par
\b0 This section enumerates the drives, also known as volumes, found on the computer. The information displayed depends on the drive type and the presence of removable media. By design, WinAudit only reports on local drives.\par
WinAudit follows the widely adopted convention that 1MB = 1024*1024 bytes = 1,048,576 bytes which is sometimes referred to as 1 mebibyte. It is common however, for floppy drive manufacturers to use 1MB = 1000*1024 bytes = 1,024,000 bytes.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Letter\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The letter used to identify the drive in the range A to Z.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Drive Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of drive; one of removable, fixed, network, CD-ROM or RAM disk. USB devices and floppy drives are reported as removable.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Percent Used\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The percentage of the media that is in use. For optical drives a value of 100% is reported regardless of the amount in use because it is customary to assume there is no free space.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Used Space\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The space used on the media. The reported value may be less than the actual amount if user quota's are implemented. Windows\'ae 95 release 1 has a detection ceiling of 2GB.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Free Space\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The free space available on the media. Optical drives normally show zero free space regardless of the amount of information actually written to the media.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Total Space\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The total space available on the media. For optical drives this value is the amount in use and not its total capacity.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Volume Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The volume name of the drive, also known as the label.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul File System\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The file system used to store data on the media, common types are FAT , FAT32 , NTFS and CDFS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Volume Serial Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The volume serial number, this number changes when the drive is formatted. To obtain the manufacturer's serial number set the option for physical disk detection.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Sectors Per Cluster\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of sectors in a cluster. A cluster is comprised of sectors. A sector is the smallest amount of space useable on a drive.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Bytes Per Sector\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of bytes each sector can store. Typical numbers are 512, 1024 and 2048.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Free Clusters\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of clusters that are available to store information. May be fewer than the actual amount if user quotas are implemented.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Total Clusters\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The total number of clusters available on the drive. May be fewer than the actual amount if user quotas are implemented.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\b 6.24) Communication Ports\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul  Port Number\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A number to identify the port on systems with multiple ports. Counting starts at 1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Port Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the port such as COM1.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Monitor Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of an installed monitor for the port.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the port, e.g. local port.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Port Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The type of port, i.e. if can read, write, redirected or remote.\par
\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.25) Startup Programs\par
\b0\par
This section shows programmes that start automatically. The list is presented in an order that as closely as possible matches the startup sequence. This section does not include services.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Program Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the programme.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Settings Folder\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The folder where the settings are stored for this program, typically a registry path or an operating system defined 'special' folder.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Startup Command\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The command used to start the programme.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.26) Services\par
\b0\par
This section shows the services on the computer. These are divided into two types namely, drivers and processes. Requires appropriate privileges on some installations of Windows\'ae.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the service.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Service Type\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A description of the type of service such as kernel driver or own process.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul State\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The state of the service, such as if it has been started.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Start Mode\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The manner in which the service is to be started for example, automatic or manual.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul  Path Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The path to the service's binary file. For example, cdrom.sys is the file for the CD-ROM device driver. Some services may run in the context of the generic host process svchost.exe.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Service Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The account the service process will be logged on as when it runs. Typically this is empty for device services.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.27) Running Programs\par
\b0 This section shows programmes that are running on the computer.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the programme in use. This is most often the programme's executable file, but it can also be a special process such as 'System Idle Process' or 'System'.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Process ID\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The process identifier (PID), a number that uniquely identifies the process.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Memory\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The memory, expressed in KB, being used by the process. The reported value will either be the Working Set or the Private Commit depending on the version of the operating system.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The description, if any, of the programme. This is embedded in the executable file by its manufacturer and to report it, special access privileges may be required for a given programme.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.28) ODBC Information\par
\b0 This section shows the Open Database Connectivity (ODBC) data sources and drivers found on the computer. File based data source names can reside anywhere on the computer but typically these are to be found in DefaultDSNDir or CommonFilesDir. These are themselves defined in the system registry. Sometimes file data sources may be in the user's home directory.\par
\par
\b 6.28.1) ODBC Data Sources\par
\b0\par
DSN Type\par
The Data Source Name (DSN) type may be one of File, System or User. The first type stores the information required to connect to the database in a file on the computer. For the other two, this connection information is stored in the system's registry.\par
\par
DSN\par
The name of the data source.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone A brief description of the data source name. Typically File DSNs have no description and for System andUser DSNs it is the name of the driver software.\par
\par
\b 6.28.2) ODBC Drivers\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the ODBC driver.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Company\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The software publisher.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul File Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the ODBC driver\rquote s binary file. Typically a dll.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul File Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The version of the ODBC driver\rquote s binary file. This is extracted from the file.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Driver ODBC Version\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The ODBC specification level that the driver implements, e.g. 03.51\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.29) OLE DB Drivers\par
\b0\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Name\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the OLE DB driver\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Description\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The software publisher\rquote s description of the driver\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.30) Software Metering\par
\b0 A scan of the system's security log is performed to identify events associated with executable starts and exits. Normally, auditing of these events is not enabled so if you wish to collect metering information you need to review your audit policy. Ensure that 'Audit Process Tracking' is enabled. For example, if auditing is enabled then when a programme starts event 592 or 4688 will be recorded in the security log. The log can grow very large and it is not uncommon for it to contain several hundred thousand entries. Summarising this information may take some time to complete. \par
\par
Tracking process exits is not sufficiently reliable so executable runtimes are not computed. Clearly, if the security log is purged then no data can be reported. Accessing security log may require special privileges depending on the security policy in effect. This statistics generated in this section should be should be treated as of low quality and used with caution.\par
\par
File Name\par
The name of the executable that was started, e.g. Word.exe .\par
\par
File Path\par
The full file path the executable that was started.\par
\par
File Version\par
The file's version number. This data, if present, was embedded in the file when it was created by its manufacturer.\par
\par
Publisher\par
The name of the file's manufacturer (publisher). This data, if present, was embedded in the file when it was created by its manufacturer.\par
\par
First Start Timestamp\par
The first entry in the security log of when the executable was started. Expressed as Universal Coordinated Time in yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss format.\par
\par
Last Start Timestamp\par
The last entry in the security log of when the executable was started. Expressed as Universal Coordinated Time in yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss format.\par
\par
Console Starts\par
The number of times the executable was started at the console. That is, started by a user who logged on at system's keyboard.\par
\par
Remote Starts\par
The number of times the executable was started via a remote session such as remote desktop.\par
\par
Other Starts\par
The number of times the executable was started but not as either from within a console or remote session. Examples of this are as a service, batch job or the machine account.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 6.31) User Logon Statistics\par
\b0\par
User logon events are stored in the system's security log. If you wish to report this you need to ensure that 'Audit Account Logon Events', 'Audit Logon Events' and 'Audit System Events' are enabled in the Audit Policy. The security log can grow very large therefore summarising it may take some time to complete. Clearly, if the security log is purged then no data can be reported. Accessing the security log may require special privileges depending on the security policy in effect.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul User Account\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The name of the logged on account, usually reported as Domain_Name\\User_Name.\par
\par
First Logon Timestamp\par
The first entry in the security log of when the user logged on. Expressed as Universal Coordinated Time in yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss format.\par
\par
Last Logon Timestamp\par
The last entry in the security log of when the user logged on. Expressed as Universal Coordinated Time in yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss format.\par
\par
Console Logons\par
The number of times the user logged on at the console. That is, an interactive logon at system's keyboard.\par
\par
Remote Logons\par
The number of times the user logged on via a remote session such as remote desktop. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Other Logons\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone The number of logons at neither the console nor from a remote computer. Examples of this are logons for a service, batch job or the machine account.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b\fs24 7) Saving the Audit\par
\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
To save your audit report, on the menu select \b File + Save \b0 then enter the file name of your choice, WinAudit usually provides the computer's name for you. Next, from the drop down list choose the type of document. Options are Comma Delimited, Rich Text and Web Page. Finally, click the \b Save\b0  button. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Comma Delimited\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone This format is used by spreadsheets and custom data analysis programmes. The csv file is written out in little endian UTF-16 with the customary byte order marker of 0xFF 0xFE. Commas are used as field delimiters regardless of locale settings. The data generated WinAudit is heterogeneous in nature so to facilitate processing, each row begins with a numerical category identifier. The first field is the name of the category. The subsequent fields are the data item values.  All fields are double quoted. Any double quote in a data value is escaped with a double quote. For example, 15\rdblquote  becomes 15\rdblquote\rdblquote .\par
\par
Two formats are supported, record style (csv) and columnar style (csv2). In the former, the data is written out as one record per line with each data point being separated by a comma. For the latter, each data point is on its own line with the all the data values in a single column. \par
 \par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Rich Text\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Save in rtf format if you intend to view the results in a the WordPad text editor.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Web Page\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Save in html format if you intend to view the results in a browser.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b\fs24 8) Sending by E-Mail\par
\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
To send the data by e-mail, on the menu, select \b File + Send E-Mail \b0 at which point WinAudit will attempt to start your e-mail programme and create a new message containing the audit report. Enter the recipient(s) address then click the send button. WinAudit will not send an e-mail without the user's knowledge. The audit report is sent as an attached web page. Other types of data are as an ordinary message.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b\fs24 9) Export to Database\par
\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
To send the audit to a database, on the menu select File then Database Export. A window will be shown allowing you to control how the data is exported. Select the database's type (e.g. Microsoft Access). For MySQL\'ae and PostgreSQL select, from the adjacent list, the software used to connect to it. Next, enter the database's name into the box. Your database administrator will provide you with all the required information. Ignore the remaining options unless otherwise instructed by the administrator. Press the \b Export\b0  button, if requested enter your credentials. The data export will begin. The time taken for this to complete depends on how much data you are sending, so be sure to wait for it to finish. You will then see a result message indicating how many records where exported. Finally, click the \b Close\b0  button.\par
The remainder of this document is intended for the database administrator.\par
 \par
\b 9.1) Administration - DBA\par
\b0\par
The following DBMS versions are supported:\par
- Microsoft\'ae Access 2000 and newer\par
- MySQL\'ae 5 and newer\par
- Microsoft\'ae SQL Server 2005 and newer\par
- PostgreSQL 8.3 and newer\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\b 9.1.1) Create the Database\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
WinAudit can create Access, MySQL and SQL Server databases. For PostgreSQL, an existing database is required with WinAudit then creating its tables and related objects. Start the logger by selecting \b Help + Start Logging \b0 on the menu.  Next, select \b File + Database Export\b0 . On the window, select the Database Management System Name (DBMS). For MySQL or PostgreSQL, select its ODBC driver as well. The drivers found on the computer are shown in the drop down lists. In the Database Name text box enter a name as follows:\par
\par
Access \tab\tab - the full file path to the database e.g. C:\\Data\\WinAuditDB.mdb.\par
MySQL \tab\tab - the database name.\par
SQL Server \tab - the database name.\par
PostgreSQL \tab - the database name.\par
\par
Access databases can be created provided the corresponding OLEDB component is installed on the computer. For MySQL and SQL Server a simple CREATE DATABASE statement will be issued against the server. If you intend to use PostgreSQL, create an empty database now before proceeding. You can do this with pgAdmin. Next, click the \b Administration\b0  button, the Administrative Tasks window will be shown. Your choice of DBMS and database name are shown under the window's title. You cannot change these properties while this window is visible. The following options are available for creating your database. The ones shown depend on your choice of DBMS.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Unicode\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone If you wish to store Unicode characters check the Unicode box, In this context, Unicode is 2-bytes per character (UCS-2). Identifier columns used in the Computer_Master table are always in low ASCII, so Unicode (NVARCHAR/WVARCHAR) are not used for these. Hence, if you intend to run queries on this table you do not need to prefix your string literals with 'N'. No provision is made for labels of a fully qualified domain name to be in Unicode as this is a non-standard extension to the specification. Microsoft Access is Unicode by design. For PostgreSQL, the database code page is specified on creation.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul OLE DB Driver\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone If you have specified Access as the DBMS then a drop down list will be shown. WinAudit will select the correct OLEDB driver based on the file extension. Access 2000 (.mdb) uses the Microsoft.Jet.OLEDB.4.0 driver. Newer versions of Access (.accdb) use the Microsoft.ACE.OLEDB.x driver. If no driver is shown in the drop down box, close the window and review the log for error messages. Most probably you need to install the driver for .accdb or fallback to .mdb file type.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Grant Privileges to PUBLIC\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone For SQL Server you can specify if you want PUBLIC to have a minimal set of privileges to post data into the database. Essentially, this allows users to post but not to view or delete data. If this is undesirable for your security requirements then you will need to implement a security arrangement that better suits your environment. See below for more details on user privileges.\par
\par
Click, the \b Create\b0  button. On completion a status message will be shown. Close the window and review the log for any error or warning messages. \par
\par
\cf3 Important:\cf0  once a connection to the database has been established, it is held until this Administrative window is closed. If the connection to the server drops you will need to close the window and re-open it. When you are finished performing your administrative tasks close the window to severe the connection.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\b 9.1.2) Client Connection\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
After an audit has been completed, clients send the result to the database by selecting File then Database Export in the menu. Connection to the database is via ODBC, therefore you must ensure that:\par
- the database's ODBC driver is installed on client's machine\par
- your clients know which DBMS they are to use\par
- your clients know the name of the database\par
- for MySQL\'ae and PostgreSQL your client's know which ODBC driver to use\par
\par
Microsoft's Access and SQL Server ODBC drivers ship with the operating system and are installed by default. ODBC drivers for MySQL and PostgreSQL databases are available from their respective vendors. The other information shown on the Export Audit to Database window is optional. When then user clicks \b Export\b0 , WinAudit creates a connection string that is passed to the ODBC driver. Normally, a login window will be displayed requesting additional connection information such as a password. Logging of the completion connection string may be suppressed if it contains a password so if there is a login error, instruct your users to copy any messages shown to them.  As soon as the data transfer is complete the connection is closed. Users must therefore login every time they attempt a database export. Winaudit prevents the same audit data from being posted twice to the same database. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Maximum Errors [%]\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone An audit report may up to a few thousand records. Usually there are no errors when posting to a database. However, occasionally some data cannot fit into the allocated column size in the database. Typically these are long file paths. It is not always desirable to fail an entire database operation because of a few errors. Consequently, you can instruct your users to set this tolerance parameter thereby allowing the operation to succeed. For example if you set this to 1% and 1000 records are sent to the database, if fewer that 10 records fail to be posted the operation as a whole will be deemed to have succeeded. The default setting is 5% with a range of 0 (no errors allowed) to 25%.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Max. affected rows\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone You can specify a limit the number of records that can be posted to the database in a single operation. The default value is 9999 with a range of 1 to 9999.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Connect timeout [secs]\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Specify the connection timeout for the database. This setting applies to both the initial login timeout (SQL_ATTR_LOGIN_TIMEOUT) and subsequent communications (SQL_ATTR_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT) with the database. The default value is 30s with a range of 5s to 99s. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Query timeout [secs]\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Specify a query timeout for the database. WinAudit often sends large quantities of data to the database, depending on database load it may take some time for the query to complete. WinAudit will not use an infinite timeout. The default value is 60s with a range of 5s to 999s. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\b 9.1.3) Data Maintenance\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
Your database will increase in size unless you delete the old audits. WinAudit operates on the assumption that connecting clients do not have DELETE privilege, hence this step cannot be automated. From time to time you need to purge the database of its old audits. Roughly speaking, a default audit is expected to require about 1MB. Before proceeding it is strongly recommended that you \ul\b back up\ulnone  \b0 your data. To delete the old audits, on the Administrative Tasks window click, in the Data Maintenance section, the \b Delete \b0 button. This will purge the database of all but the last audit for each computer. \par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\b 9.1.4) Reporting\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
WinAudit allows you to create some simple reports from your data. This requires SELECT privilege on database tables. In the Reports section, select a report from the drop down list. You can specify a limit to the number of rows returned by using the parameter Maximum Rows. To fetch all the rows use a value of zero (0). Click \b Run\b0  to create the report. \par
\par
You can, of course, use your own database's software to create reports. When the database is created a set of views were also created. For example, to see System Overiew records use the v_System_Overview view. If you wish to write your own SQL statements, bear in mind:\par
- Data is stored in the Audit_Data table\par
- Audits are identified by the Audit_ID column\par
- The Audit_Data table may have several audits for a given computer\par
- The most recent Audit_ID is in Computer_Master.Last_Audit_ID\par
- To view current data INNER JOIN Computer_Master to Audit_Data\par
- Audit_Data columns are character data, avoid numerical computations\par
To help you create your own queries check the Show SQL box, this will show the statement used to generate the report. These statements serve as working examples which you can use to build your own queries.I n particular, you will need to map the category of data you want to its numerical identifier and the names of the columns. This information is found in the Display_Names table. For example, to get a list of installed software in your organisation:\par
SELECT DISTINCT\par
    Audit_Data.Item_1 As Software_Name\par
FROM Computer_Master INNER JOIN Audit_Data ON\par
    Computer_Master.Last_Audit_ID = Audit_Data.Audit_ID\par
WHERE Audit_Data.Category_ID = 500\par
\par
The INNER JOIN ensures you are viewing only current data. In the Display_Names table you will see that Software Programs has a Category_ID of 500. Similarly, Item_1 correspondsto the data item of Name. \par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b\fs24 10) Command Line Usage\par
\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
You can invoke WinAudit from the command line, in this mode the programme executes without showing its main window. In this manner, you can automate the auditing of computers using batch files or login scripts on a domain controller. If need be, you can post the results directly to a database or save them to a centralised networked drive.\par
Some tips:\par
- Try to use WinAudit in user interface mode before invoking it via the command line.\par
- Ensure you have included the report switch '/r=' with some category letters.\par
- The category letters are case sensitive\par
- Use only backslashes slashes '\\' for file path separators.\par
- It is not necessary to quote output or log file paths even if there are spaces.\par
- WinAudit returns a code of zero (0) on success and non-zero if an error occurred.\par
- A logging facility is provided to help you diagnose problems.\par
The command syntax (all on one line) is:\par
WinAudit.exe /h /r=gsoPxuTUeERNtnzDaIbMpmidcSArCOHG /f=file /T=file_timestamp /l=log_file\par
\par
All switches are optional, if none are supplied the programme runs in user interface mode. See examples below.\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat7\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx1200\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b Switches\cell Comment\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat7\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx1200\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0 /h\cell Show a help message then exit.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat7\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx1200\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar /r\cell Report content, default is NO sections, i.e. \cf3 nothing is done\cf0 .\par
g\tab Include System Overview\par
s\tab Include Installed Software\par
o\tab Include Operating System (Small letter o)\par
P\tab Include Peripherals\par
x\tab Include Security\par
u\tab Include Groups and Users\par
T\tab Include Scheduled Tasks\par
U\tab Include Uptime Statistics\par
e\tab Include Error Logs\par
E\tab Include Environment Variables\par
R\tab Include Regional Settings\par
N\tab Include Windows Network\par
t\tab Include Network TCP/IP\par
z\tab Include Devices\par
D\tab Include Display Capabilities\par
a\tab Include Display Adapters\par
I\tab Include Installed Printers (Capital I )\par
b\tab Include BIOS Version\par
M\tab Include System Management\par
p\tab Include Processor\par
m\tab Include Memory\par
i\tab Include Physical Disks\par
d\tab Include Drives\par
c\tab Include Communication Ports\par
S\tab Include Startup Programs\par
A\tab Include Services\par
r\tab Include Running Programs\par
C\tab Include ODBC Information\par
O\tab Include OLE DB Drivers (Capital O)\par
H\tab Include Software Metering\par
G\tab Include User Logon Statistics\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat7\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx1200\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar /f\cell Output file or database connection string. Valid file types are comma separated (csv), comma separated columnar format(csv2), rich text (rtf ) and web page (html):\par
/f=computer_audit.csv\par
/f=computer_audit.csv2\par
/f=computer_audit.rtf\par
/f=computer_audit.html\par
Only one file type may be specified. If no /f switch is specified, the output is written to '\b computer_name\b0 .html\rquote  where computer_name is the NetBIOS name of the computer. \par
\par
\b macaddress\b0  is a reserved word (case insensitive). If specified, the output will be written to a file named using a Media Access Control (MAC) address. If no MAC address can be resolved, then the computer's name will be used. On systems with multiple network adapters, the address of the first one discovered will be used. Usage: /f=\b macaddress\b0 .html .\par
\par
If a connection string is supplied, it must begin with DRIVER= or DBQ=. This string must not have any forward slashes.\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat7\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx1200\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar /T\cell Use an ISO style date, time or data-time in the output file name. The timestamp precedes the file extension e.g. Audit-20130320-123655.txt, options are:\par
\lang1031 /T=date - YYYMMDD format\par
\lang2057 /T=time - hhmmss format\par
/T=datetime - YYYYMMDD-hhmmss format\par
This switch is for use with regular file names, do not use when exporting data to a database.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat7\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx1200\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar /l\cell The log file path to record diagnostic and activity messages. The log files are tab separated text that can be view in notepad hence the .txt extension is recommended. If only a file name is supplied, the log file will be written to the same directory in which the WinAudit executable resides. To avoid concurrency issues, be sure to use a different name for each concurrent job. For example /l=%COMPUTERNAME%.txt\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcbpat7\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx1200\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs \cellx8647\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar /L\cell Use /L=en to force any locale strings to be in English. L must be in upper case.\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\b 10.1) Command line examples\par
\b0\par
To view the command line usage, at the command prompt type:\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /h\par
\cf0\par
To get a System Overview with the output saved in the same directory as the WinAudit executable in the default format of html and filename of 'computername.html':\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=g\par
\cf0\par
To get a System Overview and Operating System information saved in a specified directory in rich text format using the computer\rquote name as defined in the environment:\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=go /f=C:\\Temp\\%COMPUTERNAME%.rtf\par
\cf0\par
To audit your computer showing the System Overview, Operating System and Installed Software sections then save the report in CSV format on remote computer called SERVER in the networked shared directory Audits using a filename based on the MAC address:\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=gos f=\\\\SERVER\\Audits\\macaddress.csv\par
\cf0\par
Get a System Overview and log the audit to a file called log.txt. The audit will be saved in 'computername.html' with the log file written to the directory containing WinAudi.exe.\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=g /l=log.txt\par
\cf0\par
Save data about displays and adapters using a file name that contains a timestamp. The output file name will be of the form Displays-20131020-130425.rtf:\par
WinAudit.exe /f= Displays.rtf /r=gDa /T=datetime\par
\par
Send a system overview to an Access (.mdb) database using a DSN-Less connection string:\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=g /f=DBQ=C:\\Temp\\Test.mdb;Driver=\{Microsoft Access Driver (*.mdb)\};UID=admin;\par
\cf0\par
Save many data categories to a password protected Access 2007 or newer database.\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=gsopxuTUeERNt /f=DRIVER=\{Microsoft Access Driver (*.mdb, *.accdb)\};DBQ=C:\\Temp\\WinAuditDB.accdb;UID=admin;PWD=123456\par
\cf0\par
Send a system overview to SQL Server on a computer named PXSSQLSVR using a DSN-Less connection string. Connect as user WinAuditUser to a database named WinAuditDB and write out a log file to log.txt. Note, there is a space between 'SQL' and 'Server':\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=g /f=DRIVER=SQL Server;SERVER=PXSSQLSVR;UID=WinAuditUser;PWD=Cvb5dP3g;DATABASE= WinAuditDB; /l=log.txt\par
\cf0\par
Save a system overview to a SQL Server database on a trusted connection.\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=g /f=DRIVER=\{SQL Server\};SERVER=PXSSQLSVR;DATABASE=WinAuditDB;Trusted_Connection=Yes;\par
\cf0\par
Send a system overview to a MySQL database named winauditdb on the local computer using a DSN-Less connection string. Connect as root with a password.\par
\cf4 WinAudit.exe /r=g  /f=DRIVER=MySQL ODBC 3.51 Driver;SERVER=localhost;UID=root;PWD=123456;DATABASE=winauditdb;\par
\cf0\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b\fs24 11) Privacy and Security\par
\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
The WinAudit programme has no networking capabilities. It cannot send, transmit or in anyway communicate any information about your computer to anyone else.  Parmavex Services does not receive a copy of your data.\par
\par
WinAudit cannot autonomously send e-mail. It creates a message then displays it for the user to send. \par
\par
WinAudit is provided as freeware. Its freeware license is embedded in the executable. This means that its terms are fixed into perpetuity.\par
\par
WinAudit is open source software, its operation can be verified by examining the source code.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b\fs24 12) Contact Information\par
\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
Our preferred method of communication is e-mail. When doing so please be sure to include WinAudit in the subject otherwise your message will be automatically deleted.\par
 \par
Parmavex Services\par
17 Perry Hill Lane\par
Oldbury\par
West Midlands\par
England B68 0AG\par
Fax: +44 (0)121 421 7114\par
Email: winaudit at parmavex dot co dot uk\par
Web: www.parmavex.co.uk\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b\fs24 13) European Union Public Licence\par
\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
WinAudit is licensed under the European Union Public Licence (EUPL). It is free open source software. It must not be sold, leased, rented, sub-licensed or used for any form of monetary recompense whatsoever. You may make as many verbatim copies of the executable \ldblquote WinAudit.exe\rdblquote  as you need and distribute them to anyone. This includes commercial organisations. By using this software, you will have agreed and are agreeing to be bound by the terms of EUPL set forth below. The EUPL is copyright of the European Community and is reproduced here in accordance with their best practices about \ldblquote establishing\rdblquote  a EUPL contract.\par
\par
\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033\b\fs24 European Union Public Licence\par
V. 1.1\fs18\par
\b0 EUPL \'a9 the European Community 2007\par
\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar This European Union Public Licence (the \ldblquote EUPL\rdblquote ) applies to the Work or Software (as defined below) which is provided under the terms of this Licence. Any use of the Work, other than as authorised under this Licence is prohibited (to the extent such use is covered by a right of the copyright holder of the Work).\par
\par
The Original Work is provided under the terms of this Licence when the Licensor (as defined below) has placed the following notice immediately following the copyright notice for the Original Work:\par
\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qc\i Licensed under the EUPL V.1.1\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\par
\i0 or has expressed by any other mean his willingness to license under the EUPL.\par
\par
\b 1. \ul Definitions\ulnone\par
\par
\b0 In this Licence, the following terms have the following meaning:\par
\par
\i - The Licence\i0 : this Licence.\par
\par
\i - The Original Work \i0 or \i the Software\i0 : the software distributed and/or communicated by the Licensor under this Licence, available as Source Code and also as Executable Code as the case may be.\par
\par
\i - Derivative Works\i0 : the works or software that could be created by the Licensee, based upon the Original Work or modifications thereof. This Licence does not define the extent of modification or dependence on the Original Work required in order to classify a work as a Derivative Work; this extent is determined by copyright law applicable in the country mentioned in Article 15.\par
\par
\i - The Work\i0 : the Original Work and/or its Derivative Works.\par
\par
\i - The Source Code\i0 : the human-readable form of the Work which is the most convenient for people to study and modify.\par
\par
\i - The Executable Code: \i0 any code which has generally been compiled and which is meant to be interpreted by a computer as a program.\par
\par
- \i The Licensor\i0 : the natural or legal person that distributes and/or communicates the Work under the Licence.\par
\par
\i - Contributor(s): \i0 any natural or legal person who modifies the Work under the Licence, or otherwise contributes to the creation of a Derivative Work.\par
\par
\i - The Licensee \i0 or \i\ldblquote You\rdblquote : \i0 any natural or legal person who makes any usage of the Software under the terms of the Licence.\par
\par
\i - Distribution \i0 and/or \i Communication\i0 : any act of selling, giving, lending, renting, distributing, communicating, transmitting, or otherwise making available, on-line or off-line, copies of the Work or providing access to its essential functionalities at the disposal of any other natural or legal person.\par
\par
\ul\b 2. Scope of the rights granted by the Licence\par
\ulnone\b0\par
The Licensor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicensable licence to do the following, for the duration of copyright vested in the Original Work:\par
\par
- use the Work in any circumstance and for all usage,\par
- reproduce the Work,\par
- modify the Original Work, and make Derivative Works based upon the Work,\par
- communicate to the public, including the right to make available or display the Work or copies thereof to the public and perform publicly, as the case may be, the Work, \par
- distribute the Work or copies thereof,\par
- lend and rent the Work or copies thereof,\par
- sub-license rights in the Work or copies thereof.\par
\par
Those rights can be exercised on any media, supports and formats, whether now known or later invented, as far as the applicable law permits so.\par
\par
In the countries where moral rights apply, the Licensor waives his right to exercise his moral right to the extent allowed by law in order to make effective the licence of the economic rights here above listed.\par
\par
The Licensor grants to the Licensee royalty-free, non exclusive usage rights to any patents held by the Licensor, to the extent necessary to make use of the rights granted\par
on the Work under this Licence.\par
\b\par
\ul 3. Communication of the Source Code\par
\ulnone\b0\par
The Licensor may provide the Work either in its Source Code form, or as Executable Code. If the Work is provided as Executable Code, the Licensor provides in addition a machine-readable copy of the Source Code of the Work along with each copy of the Work that the Licensor distributes or indicates, in a notice following the copyright notice attached to the Work, a repository where the Source Code is easily and freely accessible for as long as the Licensor continues to distribute and/or communicate the\par
Work.\par
\b\par
\ul 4. Limitations on copyright\par
\ulnone\b0\par
Nothing in this Licence is intended to deprive the Licensee of the benefits from any exception or limitation to the exclusive rights of the rights owners in the Original Work or Software, of the exhaustion of those rights or of other applicable limitations thereto.\par
\b\par
\ul 5. Obligations of the Licensee\par
\ulnone\b0\par
The grant of the rights mentioned above is subject to some restrictions and obligations\par
imposed on the Licensee. Those obligations are the following:\par
\b\par
Attribution right: \b0 the Licensee shall keep intact all copyright, patent or trademarks notices and all notices that refer to the Licence and to the disclaimer of warranties.The Licensee must include a copy of such notices and a copy of the Licence with every copy of the Work he/she distributes and/or communicates. The Licensee must cause any Derivative Work to carry prominent notices stating that the Work has been modified and the date of modification.\par
\b\par
Copyleft clause: \b0 If the Licensee distributes and/or communicates copies of the Original Works or Derivative Works based upon the Original Work, this Distribution and/or Communication will be done under the terms of this Licence or of a later version of this Licence unless the Original Work is expressly distributed only under this version of the Licence. The Licensee (becoming Licensor) cannot offer or impose any additional terms or conditions on the Work or Derivative Work that alter or restrict the terms of the Licence.\par
\b\par
Compatibility clause: \b0 If the Licensee Distributes and/or Communicates Derivative Works or copies thereof based upon both the Original Work and another work licensed under a Compatible Licence, this Distribution and/or Communication can be done under the terms of this Compatible Licence. For the sake of this clause, \ldblquote Compatible Licence\rdblquote  refers to the licences listed in the appendix attached to this Licence. Should the Licensee\rquote s obligations under the Compatible Licence conflict with his/her obligations under this Licence, the obligations of the Compatible Licence\par
shall prevail\i .\par
\b\i0\par
Provision of Source Code: \b0 When distributing and/or communicating copies of the Work, the Licensee will provide a machine-readable copy of the Source Code or indicate a repository where this Source will be easily and freely available for as long as the Licensee continues to distribute and/or communicate the Work.\par
\b\par
Legal Protection: \b0 This Licence does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks, service marks, or names of the Licensor, except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and reproducing\par
the content of the copyright notice.\par
\b\par
\ul 6. Chain of Authorship\par
\ulnone\b0\par
The original Licensor warrants that the copyright in the Original Work granted hereunder is owned by him/her or licensed to him/her and that he/she has the power and authority to grant the Licence.\par
\par
Each Contributor warrants that the copyright in the modifications he/she brings to the Work are owned by him/her or licensed to him/her and that he/she has the power and authority to grant the Licence.\par
\par
Each time You accept the Licence, the original Licensor and subsequent Contributors grant You a licence to their contributions to the Work, under the terms of this\par
Licence.\par
\b\par
\ul 7. Disclaimer of Warranty\par
\ulnone\b0\par
The Work is a work in progress, which is continuously improved by numerous contributors. It is not a finished work and may therefore contain defects or \ldblquote bugs\rdblquote  inherent to this type of software development.\par
\par
For the above reason, the Work is provided under the Licence on an \ldblquote as is\rdblquote  basis and without warranties of any kind concerning the Work, including without limitation merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, absence of defects or errors, accuracy, non-infringement of intellectual property rights other than copyright as stated in Article 6 of this Licence.\par
\par
This disclaimer of warranty is an essential part of the Licence and a condition for the grant of any rights to the Work.\par
\b\par
\ul 8. Disclaimer of Liability\par
\ulnone\b0\par
Except in the cases of wilful misconduct or damages directly caused to natural persons, the Licensor will in no event be liable for any direct or indirect, material or moral, damages of any kind, arising out of the Licence or of the use of the Work, including without limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, loss of data or any commercial damage, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such damage. However, the Licensor will be liable under statutory product liability laws as far such laws apply to the Work.\par
\b\par
\ul 9. Additional agreements\par
\ulnone\b0\par
While distributing the Original Work or Derivative Works, You may choose to conclude an additional agreement to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or services consistent with this Licence. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only on your own behalf and on your sole responsibility, not on behalf of the original Licensor or any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims asserted against such Contributor by the fact You have accepted any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\b\par
\ul 10. Acceptance of the Licence\par
\ulnone\b0\par
The provisions of this Licence can be accepted by clicking on an icon \ldblquote I agree\rdblquote  placed under the bottom of a window displaying the text of this Licence or by affirming consent in any other similar way, in accordance with the rules of applicable law. Clicking on that icon indicates your clear and irrevocable acceptance of this Licence and all of its terms and conditions.\par
\par
Similarly, you irrevocably accept this Licence and all of its terms and conditions by exercising any rights granted to You by Article 2 of this Licence, such as the use of the Work, the creation by You of a Derivative Work or the Distribution and/or Communication by You of the Work or copies thereof.\par
\b\par
\ul 11. Information to the public\par
\ulnone\b0\par
In case of any Distribution and/or Communication of the Work by means of electronic communication by You (for example, by offering to download the Work from a remote location) the distribution channel or media (for example, a website) must at least provide to the public the information requested by the applicable law regarding the Licensor, the Licence and the way it may be accessible, concluded, stored and reproduced by the Licensee.\par
\b\par
\ul 12. Termination of the Licence\par
\ulnone\b0\par
The Licence and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by the Licensee of the terms of the Licence.\par
\par
Such a termination will not terminate the licences of any person who has received the Work from the Licensee under the Licence, provided such persons remain in full compliance with the Licence.\par
\b\par
\ul 13. Miscellaneous\par
\ulnone\b0\par
Without prejudice of Article 9 above, the Licence represents the complete agreement between the Parties as to the Work licensed hereunder.\par
\par
If any provision of the Licence is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, this will not affect the validity or enforceability of the Licence as a whole. Such provision will be construed and/or reformed so as necessary to make it valid and enforceable.\par
\par
The European Commission may publish other linguistic versions and/or new versions of this Licence, so far this is required and reasonable, without reducing the scope of the rights granted by the Licence. New versions of the Licence will be published with a unique version number.\par
\par
All linguistic versions of this Licence, approved by the European Commission, have identical value. Parties can take advantage of the linguistic version of their choice.\par
\b\par
\ul 14. Jurisdiction\par
\ulnone\b0\par
Any litigation resulting from the interpretation of this License, arising between the European Commission, as a Licensor, and any Licensee, will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Justice of the European Communities, as laid down in article 238 of the Treaty establishing the European Community.\par
\par
Any litigation arising between Parties, other than the European Commission, and resulting from the interpretation of this License, will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court where the Licensor resides or conducts its primary business.\par
\b\par
\ul 15. Applicable Law\par
\ulnone\b0\par
This Licence shall be governed by the law of the European Union country where the Licensor resides or has his registered office.\par
\par
This licence shall be governed by the Belgian law if:\par
- a litigation arises between the European Commission, as a Licensor, and any Licensee;\par
- the Licensor, other than the European Commission, has no residence or registered office inside a European Union country.\par
\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\s1\qc\b Appendix\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ldblquote Compatible Licences\rdblquote  according to article 5 EUPL are:\par
\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\fi720\i - GNU General Public License (GNU GPL) v. 2\par
- Open Software License (OSL) v. 2.1, v. 3.0\par
- Common Public License v. 1.0\par
- Eclipse Public License v. 1.0\par
- Cecill v. 2.0\i0\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\lang2057\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\b0\par
\ul\b\fs24 14) Acknowledgements\par
\ulnone\b0\fs18\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul User Contributions\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone Many people have found the time to send us messages, both supportive and critical alike. These have helped to improve the programme's accuracy and usability. Bug reports are particularly welcome and many thanks to those who supplied information when we were unable to reproduce certain bugs on our systems.\par
\par
The following individuals have contributed translations of the user interface:\par
\par
Chinese (Traditional) by Minson\par
\par
Czech by Karel Michal\par
\par
Danish by Rasmus Bertelsen\par
\par
Dutch by Ivan Laponder\par
\par
Finnish by Rami Aalto\par
\par
French by Fabrice Cherrier and Pages Ludovic\par
\par
French (Belgium) by Pierre Bierwertz\par
\par
German by Michael Klein-Reesink\par
\par
Greek by George Kaub\par
\par
Hebrew by Eli Ben David\par
\par
Hungarian by Viktor Varga\par
\par
Indonesian by Teguh Ramanal\par
\par
Italian by Roberto Tresin\par
\par
Japanese by Nardog\par
\par
Korean by sushizang\par
\par
Polish by Marek Kordiak\par
\par
Portuguese by Dick Spade\par
\par
Portuguese (Brazilian) by Roman Dario Cuattrin\par
\par
Russian by Valeri Kruvyalis Email: vkvkvkvkvk_at_mail_dot_ru\par
\par
Serbian(Latin) by Pera Konc\par
\par
Slovak by Peter of SlovakSoft: www.slovaksoft.com E mail: info_at_slovaksoft_dot_com\par
\par
Spanish by Juan Miguel Mart\'edEmail: jmmarti_at_adinet_dot_com_dot_uy\par
\par
Thai by Pongsathorn Sraouthai Email: pongsathorns_at_gmail_dot_com\par
\par
Turkish by Nejdet Acar\par
\par
\par
\ul Free Software\ulnone\par
\par
WinAudit is free software created using free software:\par
\par
Application Verfier by Microsoft Corporation\par
\par
ccm by Jonas Blunck\par
\par
Code::Blocks by Yiannis Mandravellos and the Code::Blocks team\par
\par
Cppcheck by Daniel Marjam\'e4ki and Cppcheck team \par
\par
cpplint by Google Inc.\par
\par
MinGW-w64 by Kai Tietz, Jonathan Yong and project members\par
\par
Source Monitor by Campwood Software LLC\par
\par
Visual Studio Express by Microsoft Corportation\par
\par
\par
\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s4\ul Trademarks\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\ulnone WinAudit may display marques that are trademarks or service marks of their respective holders. These are reported as stored on the system. The list below includes, but is not exhaustive of, trademarks mentioned in the documentation:\par
\par
3D Now!, Athlon, Duron, Opteron, Sempron and Turion are trademarks of Advanced Micro Devices.\par
\par
Active directory, ActiveX, Microsoft, Windows, Windows NT, Outlook, Visual FoxPro and Vista are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries\par
\par
Ethernet is a trademark of XEROX Corporation\par
\par
FireWire is a trademark of Apple Computer, Inc.\par
\par
Intel is a trademark or registered trademark of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.\par
\par
MySQL is a trademark of Oracle Corporation in the United States and other countries.\par
\par
Oracle is a trademark of Oracle Corporation.\par
\par
SuperDisk is a trademark of Imation Enterprises Corporation.\par
\par
USB is a trademark of Universal Serial Bus Implementers Forum, Inc.\par
\par
\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrt\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6\clbrdrb\brdrw60\brdrs\brdrcf6 \cellx8647\pard\intbl\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\b\par
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\qc\b0\'a9Copyright 2003-2016 Parmavex Services, all rights reserved.\cell\row\pard\nowidctlpar\fs24\par
}
 